[Page 1] More Energy,

Less Emissions

Sustainability & Climate 2026 Progress Report

[Page 2] Pioneers for Over a Hundred Years

1924 to 1945 The Beginnings

2005 - Today From Total to TotalEnergies: Committed to the

1929

1924

1939

Listing of CFP shares on the Paris Stock Exchange.

Creation of the Compagnie Française des Pétroles (CFP).

Discovery of the Saint-Marcet gas ﬁeld, the ﬁrst hydrocarbon reserves found in France.

1941

1927

1933

2024

2020

2011

Initial discovery at the Kirkuk ﬁeld in Iraq.

Creation of Société Nationale des pétroles d’Aquitaine (SNPA).

Production start-up at the Gonfreville reﬁnery in Normandy (France).

OUR HISTORY OUR HISTORY

The Company celebrates its centenary.

Investment in the solar energy sector with the acquisition of 60% of the US company SunPower.

Total announces its ambition of carbon neutrality by 2050, together with society.

2025

2016

2021

Total acquires Saft Groupe.

Total becomes TotalEnergies.

2023

2018

1945 to 1970 Towards an Integrated Model

The Company's net electricity production reached 48 TWh, representing nearly 10% of its hydrocarbon production.

1956

1951

1961

Total announces the completion of the acquisition of Direct Energie.

TotalEnergies becomes an operator again in Iraq thanks to a multi-energy project (oil, gas, electricity).

Discovery of the ﬁrst oﬀshore ﬁelds in Gabon.

SNPA discovers the Lacq gas ﬁeld in France.

Discovery of the Edjeleh, Hassi R’Mel (gas) and Hassi Messaoud (oil) ﬁelds in the Algerian Sahara.

Total acquires Engie’s LNG business and becomes the world’s number two liqueﬁed natural gas player.

1964

1954

1958

Inauguration of the Feyzin Reﬁnery (France).

Total acquires exploration and production company Mærsk Oil & Gas A/S.

CFP launches the Total brand. Creating our own distribution network.

First oﬀshore well on Umm Shaif (Abu Dhabi).

1971 to 1997 A New Era

1971

1976

1991

CFP becomes Total.

1998 to 2004 United for Success: the Consolidation

Production start-up at the Ekoﬁsk ﬁeld in the North Sea.

Creation of Société Nationale Elf Aquitaine (SNEA).

1996

2000

2001

2003

1974

1982

Total merges with Petroﬁna and Elf Aquitaine.

TotalFinaElf changes its name to Total.

Start-up of production at the Girassol ﬁeld in Angola block 17.

The Group acquires Hutchinson-Mapa.

Discovery in Angola of one of the biggest oﬀshore oil ﬁelds in the world.

A new world record for CFP with the drilling of a deepwater well to a depth of 1,714 meters in the Mediterranean Sea.

[Page 3] Our 4 Axes of Sustainable Development

Message from Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO 4

Message from Jacques Aschenbroich, Lead Independant Director 6

Governance 7

2025 Key Figures 9

Our Approach to Sustainable Development 10

Our Just Transition plan 12

Our Transition Strategy 15

Climate & Sustainable Energy 44

Acting for the

Climate & Sustainable

Acting for the Well-Being of Employees 69

Energy P. 44

Well-Being of Employees P. 69

Caring for the Environment 80

Having a Positive Impact for Stakeholders 90

Performance Indicators 104

Having a Positive

Caring for the Environment P. 80

Impact for Stakeholders P. 90

[Page 4] Message from Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO

More Energy, Less Emissions

I

n 2026, we will continue to implement our transition strategy based on two pillars: an Oil & Gas pillar and an Integrated Power pillar. This strategy is based on a strong conviction: to sustainably meet the needs of a growing world, we must provide more energy while emitting less greenhouse gases.

One fact remains central: 4.6 billion people still do not have access to the level of energy necessary for satisfactory human development. More than ever, governments, businesses and citizens are faced with a real trilemma for their energy supply: reliability, affordability and sustainability. To accelerate the transition, public policies must embrace a new realism: prioritizing solutions with the lowest carbon abatement costs, strengthening international cooperation and contributing to the decarbonization of emerging countries.

The Company's 2025 results demonstrate the robustness of our multi-energy model and confirm the relevance of a trajectory capable of combining growth, competitiveness and emissions reduction.

Our actions are fully in line with this context: being a credible player in the energy transition means combining ambition, pragmatism and continuity.

The progress described in this Sustainability & Climate 2026 report illustrates the daily commitment of our 100,000 employees to making energy more affordable, more reliable and more sustainable.

Message from Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO

Our first challenge is to continue to provide the energy the world needs while significantly reducing the emissions generated by our operations. One of our priorities remains methane reduction, with the ambition of achieving nearzero methane emissions by 2030.

The year 2026 begins with a fragmented and unstable geopolitical environment, where energy remains at the heart of sovereignty and competitiveness.

In 2025, the Company exceeded its target of reducing methane emissions by 60% compared to 2020, achieving a reduction of 65%. It is now targeting a 70% reduction by 2026 and is well on track to achieve its goal of an 80% reduction by 2030 or sooner, thanks in particular to the roll-out in 2025 of continuous methane emissions monitoring across all operated Upstream assets.

B eing a credible player in the energy transition means combining ambition, pragmatism and continuity. "

Ten years after the Paris Agreement, the global energy system has progressed by enabling the continued development of emerging economies while reducing the carbon intensity of the energy mix thanks to the spectacular growth of some low-carbon technologies. Despite this progress, the inertia of energy systems is strong as cleaner energy sources meet mostly the growth of energy needs. Our societies and economies have initiated an energy transition, but the global economy is not yet achieving the pace of change required to meet the Paris Agreement objectives.

As an international company with a strong technological drive, we are working to engage the industry, particularly our partners who operate some of our assets. This is the purpose of my commitment to the OGDC, launched at COP28, and of my presence at COP30: driving the oil and gas industry towards more action against routine ﬂaring and methane emissions.

In this context, the current scientific consensus now emphasizes that the goal of limiting global warming to 1.5° is out of reach.

[Page 5] for data centers (6 TWh/year signed in 2025) and by an additional 1.7 GW of renewables in the United States.

We are also taking action on the decarbonization of transport. We are developing high-power charging networks and low-carbon electricity generation, and are supporting the development of biofuels, SAF and LNG for maritime.

We are also working on mediumand long-term solutions for the future, with the implementation of six Strategic Research and Technology Programs to develop decarbonization technologies (CO 2 Techno Hub and Near Zero Emission Hub), harness the power of digital technology and artificial intelligence (Digital Plant, Digital for HSE), and further progress on new energies (Integrated Power Modelling, BioHub).

We will continue to take decisive action on what we can truly control.

To meet growing demand, the Company is investing in oil and gas projects with low-emissions and a low break-even cost, allowing for a production that is both competitive and with reduced carbon intensity. The new projects in Brazil and in the United States commissioned in 2025 help bring the average emissions intensity down to below 16 kg CO₂/boe, a threshold we now apply to our new projects as part of our commitment to continuous improvement (compared with below 17 kg CO 2 e/boe in 2025).

The commitment of our teams is a key asset.

The acquisition of SapuraOMV in 2024 has enabled the creation of a competitive, low-emission gas hub in Malaysia, supporting growth through entry into 12 new blocks in 2025.

Totalenergies is fully engaged in its balanced, valuecreating strategy based on two pillars. This transition strategy supports Totalenergies’ ambition for carbon neutrality together with society, within the framework set out by the Paris Agreement’s objectives.

Sustainable progress depends on our efforts to reduce carbon emissions, but it also relies on controlling environmental impacts – water, biodiversity, circularity – and on caring for people: employees, subcontractors, customers and local communities, particularly the most vulnerable.

In addition, the 2023-2025 energy efficiency plan ($1 billion) has already reduced emissions by 2 Mt CO₂e/year and generated more than $200 million/year in savings. A new $1 billion plan now covers the period 2026-2028.

Electricity is the Company's second strategic priority.

We must, however, confront our ambition with reality and acknowledge that our societies have embarked on a transition, but at a pace that does not yet allow for the collective achievement of carbon neutrality as pursued under the Paris Agreement. Our own ability to achieve carbon neutrality together with society depends on technical innovation, public policies and consumer choices, meaning that the pathways to our carbon neutrality ambition must be reassessed and adapted over time in line with the evolution of the global energy system.

To this end, we are striving to make our collective corporate culture evolve to make sustainability an integral part of our operational performance, just as safety is today. Since 2024, the "Our 5 levers for a Sustainable Change" initiative mobilizes all employees around five priorities: reducing energy consumption, promoting renewables and low-carbon solutions, minimizing waste, engaging with stakeholders, and paying attention to our colleagues in the workplace. Nearly 200 Sustainability Officers are driving these levers in our subsidiaries. I, myself, devoted an entire day to sustainability on September 26 th to see the progress made and rewarded three exemplary initiatives that illustrate our ability to deliver on our commitments in the field.

We have built an Integrated Power model and demonstrated its profitability in 2025 with a ROACE of 10%. The company is now focusing its efforts on markets where it can demonstrate its performance in the long run. In deregulated markets, this integrated model is being deployed across the entire value chain — renewables, ﬂexible capacity, sales and trading — in three priority areas: Europe, the United States and Brazil. In regulated markets, the Company is pursuing selective growth by supporting the transition of hydrocarbon-producing countries or through targeted projects carried out by local partnerships.

In this context, the Company maintains its ambition of carbon neutrality for the emissions (Scope 1+2) of its global operations by 2050 and proactively works with its customers to help execute their own energy transition strategies and puts on the market a mix of energies with a lower carbon intensity year after year.

The success of this transformation depends on the exceptional engagement of our teams. The high results of the Pulse Survey in 2025, with an employee engagement score of over 80% again this year and strong support for their entity's objectives at 90%, demonstrate strong engagement to the "More Energy, Less Emissions" strategy.

Net electricity production reached 48 TWh in 2025, already representing nearly 10% of our hydrocarbon production. The roadmap towards 20% electricity in our energy production mix in 2030 is reinforced by the agreement we have signed with EPH enabling us to acquire ﬂexible gas-fired power plants in Europe, by the growth in contracts signed

And we confirm our 2030 worldwide targets: a 40% net reduction of our Scope 1+2 operated emissions compared to 2015, an 80% reduction in our operated methane emissions by 2030 or sooner compared to 2020, and a 25% reduction of our life cycle carbon intensity of the energy products sold to our customers compared to 2015.

This collective commitment is for me a source of pride and for the Company an essential asset in accelerating the energy transition.

[Page 6] Message from the Lead Independent Director

Message from Jacques Aschenbroich, Lead Independant Director

and net cash generation year after year, which should be positive in the short term and therefore contribute to the payment of dividends.

S

ince the Annual General Meeting of shareholders held in May 2023, I hold the position of Lead Independent Director, which was entrusted to me by the Board of Directors, and in this capacity, I chair the Governance and Ethics Committee.

With regard to stakeholders, in my capacity as Lead Independent Director, before the 2025 Annual General Meeting, I maintained an active dialogue with shareholders representing almost a quarter of the Company's capital. These discussions continued after the Annual General Meeting.

I am a preferred contact person for the Chief Executive Officer, both on major issues relating to the Company's business and on the preparation of meetings of the Board of Directors and the Governance and Ethics Committees.

Jacques Aschenbroich Lead Independent Director, Chairman of the Governance and Ethics Committee

In this capacity, I oversee the search for new directors whose profiles and skills must be aligned with the Company's priorities as identified in the annual assessment of the Board's performance. The various candidates are then reviewed by the Governance Committee, which makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors so that they can be presented for election at the Annual General Meeting.

In this context, I discussed the composition of the Board of Directors and the candidacies for directors presented to the General Meeting, highlighting their skills and availability to participate in the work of the Board of Directors, the inclusion on the agenda of the General Meeting of a formal item for debate (without vote) on the Sustainability & Climate Report, the process for developing succession plans for corporate officers, the functioning of the Board of Directors, and the role of the Lead Director in the context of the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

In this regard, beyond summarizing the individual skills of directors, a detailed description of their expertise in sustainability is published annually by the Company in the Corporate Governance Report approved by the Board of Directors.

These meetings also provided an opportunity to talk about TotalEnergies' strategy and investments, particularly for the « Integrated Power » business as well as the Tilenga & EACOP projects and the Mozambique LNG project and the technical conversion of ADRs listed on the NYSE into ordinary shares.

The non-executive directors unanimously confirmed their support for TotalEnergies’ strategy, based on the development of “oil and gas” and the rapid growth of “Integrated Power”.

Lastly, the Board of Directors has decided to include on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting of 2026 a formal item for debate (without a resolution to be put to shareholders’ vote) on the report on the progress made in implementing the Company's ambition in terms of sustainable development and energy transition.

I also chaired the annual meeting of directors who do not hold executive or salaried positions ('executive session'). At this meeting, the non-executive directors unanimously confirmed their support for TotalEnergies' strategy, based on the development of “oil and gas” and the rapid growth of “Integrated Power”. They noted once again the progress made by the Integrated Power business growth model, which TotalEnergies continues to develop unlike its major competitors in the sector, improving its margin

[Page 7] Governance

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Chairman and Lead Independent Director

Audit Committee

Compensation Committee

Strategy and CRS Committee

Governance and Ethics Committee

members of the Executive Committee, primarily intended for newcomers but open to all directors, was launched in 2025 and will continue in 2026. This program focuses in particular on technological and digital ambitions, as well as sustainability, climate, and human resources policies.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Executive Committee

OneTech

Exploration & Production

Refining & Chemicals

Marketing & Services

Strategy & Sustainability Finance Asia Strategy

Gas, Renewables & Power

SPECIALIZED COMMITTEES FOR ADDRESSING OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

People & Social Engagement T

9 meetings of the Board of Directors

o define its strategy and take into account the challenges posed by climate change and sustainability, TotalEnergies relies on a clearly defined organizational structure and governance. Climate and sustainability issues are addressed at the highest level of the organization, by both the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee.

Site visits make a very practical contribution to the training of Administrators, enabling them to deepen their knowledge of the Company’s specific features and its challenges, including in terms of sustainability. They often provide an opportunity for thematic presentations. In this context, site visits were organized in 2025 for groups of four or five directors accompanied by a member of the Executive Committee to Nigeria (offshore and onshore EP, solar), Scotland (Seagreen, offshore EP), Antwerp (refining), Rouen and Le Havre (mobility, FSRU, blending). In addition, the Lead Director visited the ACC plant in Douvrin. Finally, the members of the Audit Committee visited the TotalEnergies Electricité et Gaz France premises in Paris, where they were given a presentation on the Retail Power & Gas business.

99.2% attendance rate

4 meetings of the Governance & Ethics Committee 100% attendance rate

2 meetings of the Compensation Committee

1 executive session chaired by the Lead Independent Director

100% attendance rate

Strategy & CSR Committee The 2025 annual strategy seminar focused in particular on changes in the strategic environment, the Company's Integrated Power strategy, and developments in the responsible investment market and their implications for investments in TotalEnergies.

3 meetings of the Strategy & CSR Committee

7 meetings of the Audit Committee

Board of Directors TotalEnergies’ Board of Directors is dedicated to promoting long-term value creation by the Company. It defines the Company’s strategic orientations and annually reviews opportunities and risks, such as financial, legal, operational, social and environmental risks, and the measures taken in response. It ensures that both the Company’s strategy and the investment projects submitted for its consideration take account of climate and sustainability concerns.

100% attendance rate

100% attendance rate

The Audit Committee The Audit Committee notably carried out tasks arising from regulations on the publication of sustainability information and also reviewed the updated risk map in early 2026.

In addition to ongoing access to training modules on climate issues in particular, a training program led by

[Page 8] VARIABLE COMPENSATION ALIGNED WITH THE COMPANY’S STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES

ANNUAL VARIABLE COMPENSATION

Senior Executives: extra-financial criteria account for 25%

Compensation Committee For many years the Compensation Committee has included sustainability issues including climate ones in the compensation structures of the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, as well as in the criteria related to the performance share plans.

Chairman & CEO extra-financial criteria account for 39%; financial criteria for 61%, including 6% for Integrated Power cash flow

11% 10%

6% 25%

35% 6%

15%

39% 61%

8%

55%

6%

8%

40%

Safety performance 1 GHG reduction 1 Supervision of the transition strategy 1 Proﬁtable growth in renewables and electricity 1 CSR performance 1 Financial performance 1 (Integrated Power cash ﬂow included for 6%)

Safety GHG reduction and carbon intensity Individual performance 2 Financial performance

PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN

From the Chairman and CEO to all beneficiary employees 3 : extra-financial criteria account for 30%

30%

Financial performance GHG reduction

70%

1. Maximum percentage. 2. According to the role. 3. More than 13,000 employees.

Executive Committee (Comex) The Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of TotalEnergies, assisted by the Executive Committee, ensures that climate issues are taken into account and built into operational roadmaps. The Executive Committee is responsible for identifying and analyzing risks that could prevent TotalEnergies from reaching its objectives. The TotalEnergies Risk Management Committee (TRMC) assists the Executive Committee. The TRMC’s primary duties are to ensure that the Company’s risk mapping is updated on a regular basis and that its existing risk management processes, procedures and systems are effective. The Strategy & Sustainability Division coordinates the Company’s activities through the entities in charge of strategy and markets analysis, sustainability and climate, and also safety, health and environment, legal affairs, relations with public authorities and internal audit. Its President also chairs the Risk Committee (CoRisk) which is in charge of the Company’s investments. The Finance Division ensures an ongoing dialogue with investors, analysts and extra-financial rating agencies on climate challenges and on extra-financial issues more broadly. In all, more than 450 meetings were held in France and worldwide in 2025 dedicated to non-financial topics. Investment project files submitted to the Executive Committee include a presentation on how the levers “Energy consumption,” “Low-carbon operations,” "Discharges in the environment,” and “Our communities” are taken into account in the projects reviewed by this body. The corresponding elements are reviewed by the Risk Committee, in particular the steps taken to minimize consumption, emissions, or discharges, the technologies or solutions studied and the choices that have been made, as well as the mapping and engagement plan with stakeholders.

[Page 9] 2025 Key Figures

OUR KEY FIGURES OUR KEY FIGURES

Almost 9 million customers

More than 6 million customers at over 13,000

N°3 worldwide in Liqueﬁed Natural Gas

48.1 TWh of electricity generated in 2025 34.1 GW of gross installed renewable electricity capacity

service stations every day in nearly 60 countries

More than 2.53 Mboe/d produced in 2025 including 46% gas gas and electricity in Europe

OUR 2030 OBJECTIVES OUR 2030 OBJECTIVES

OUR RESOURCES

MORE ENERGY MORE ENERGY

LESS EMISSIONS LESS EMISSIONS

>100,000 employees in over 120 countries

+4% /year energy production over the 2024-2030 period

- 40% 1 net reduction in our Scope 1+2 in 2030 vs. 2015. Already - 28 % in 2025, and - 38 % in O&G

~3.5 B$ invested in low-carbon energies in 2025

15.6 B$ Adjusted net income 3 in 2025

- 25% Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold ( - 18.6% in 2025 vs 2015) 2

100120 TWh of electricity generation by 2030

>100 million people supplied with Clean Cooking

>1 B$ invested in R&D, industrial innovation and digital developments

More than 3,500 researchers in our 15 R&D centers

1. Net emissions, including nature-based carbon sinks from 2030. 2 . Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold. 3. TotalEnergies share.

[Page 10] Our Approach to Sustainable Development

meet in a responsible way the growing needs for affordable and sustainable energy of a rising global population.

E

To do so, it relies on the action principles at the heart of its business model, Safety, Respect for Each Other, Zero tolerance towards corruption and fraud, Transparency in its engagement with society.

nergy is at the heart of one of the great challenges of the 21 st century: saving our planet from the threat of climate change while enabling the majority of mankind to escape from poverty. The climate challenge and energy transition are inseparable from other major world challenges such as poverty, hunger, environmental degradation, biodiversity loss, the preservation of water, ethics and corruption: these are the 17 U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. It is not enough to decarbonize energy. It is also necessary to

This is TotalEnergies’ purpose: to provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable, more affordable and more sustainable. And this is why the Company aims at placing Sustainability in all its dimensions at the heart of its strategy, its projects and its operations and at establishing the benchmark for endorsement of the Sustainable Development Goals.

TotalEnergies’ commitment to contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals is based on 4 axes: • climate and sustainable energy; • caring for the environment; • acting for the well-being of our employees; • having a positive impact for stakeholders.

TOTALENERGIES’ APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

OUR PURPOSE

To provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable, more aﬀordable, and more sustainable

OUR AMBITION

Ambition in terms of energy transition towards carbon neutrality together with society

OUR 4 AXES OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OUR 4 AXES OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

CLIMATE AND SUSTAINABLE ENERGY

ACTING FOR THE WELL-BEING OF EMPLOYEES

CARING FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

In 2024, to make these commitments a reality, the Company has identified 5 "Levers for a Sustainable Change" to bring about collective change in our behaviors. Requiring the commitment of all employees, these five Levers aim to minimize energy consumption and discharges into the environment from its projects and operations, to promote renewable energies and lowcarbon technologies to reduce emissions, both in its projects and operations and to its customers and suppliers, to maintain a constructive dialogue with its stakeholders and to pay attention to others in the workplace.

HAVING A POSITIVE IMPACT FOR STAKEHOLDERS

OUR 5 LEVERS OUR 5 LEVERS

OUR COMMUNITIES OUR “CARE”

OUR ENERGY CONSUMPTION OUR LOW-CARBON OPERATIONS

They support TotalEnergies’ Sustainab’ALL approach for which the Company has mobilized its 100,000 employees through the progress plans defined at each of its sites.

OUR DISCHARGES IN THE ENVIRONMENT

OUR LOCAL ACTION PLANS OUR LOCAL ACTION PLANS

[Page 11] FOCUS

Local Action Plans in Support of Sustainable Development

LEVEL OF PROGRESS TOWARDS THE 2025 OBJECTIVE

NA 1

0 - 25% 26 - 50% 51 - 75% 76 - 100%

TotalEnergies’ aim to be one of the major players in the energy transition will require the mobilization of our 100,000 employees.

TOTALENERGIES, BECOMING A GLOBAL PLAYER IN SUSTAINABLE ENERGY % OF AFFILIATES HAVING ANSWERED 2

35%

1

Low-carbon energy produced, or low-carbon energy sold (in energy unit)

3%

Energy consumption (in energy unit) and low-carbon energy consumption (in energy unit) 2

10%

Number of suppliers with local sales over $10,000 with a climate commitment, i.e. having a plan with climate goals (in number and in % of total number of suppliers) 3

More than 27,000 TotalEnergies employees took part in workshops during 2022, to develop ten objectives and indicators aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In 2023, every TotalEnergies site, business unit and affiliate worldwide has adopted an action plan with targets to be met by 2025. Each plan is based on actions that are directly related to the entity’s local operations in the field.

17%

4

Number of innovative solutions that help us use less and better energy, or produce and sell more low-carbon energy

THANKS TO OUR COMMITMENT TO A JUST TRANSITION FOR OUR PEOPLE

0%

5

The level of employee engagement measured once a year via TotalEnergies’ engagement index

2%

Number of hours of training per employee per year

6

15%

7

Share of women among NP14+ (in %) and share of international staﬀ among NP15+ (in %)

TOTALENERGIES SAVES NATURAL RESOURCES

The program has been rolled out in over 250 Company entities, representing 94,4% of employees (excluding Hutchinson). A survey was carried out in January 2026, to which 62% of these entities responded. It showed that the vast majority put in place action plans (96%) and set targets (70%). Their assessment of progress at the end of 2025 is shown in the table; optimization of energy consumption (KPI 2), employee engagement (KPI 5) and their training (KPI 6) are the KPIs considered to be the most advanced at the end of the 3-year period. Entities took ownership of rituals: the Sustainab’ALL moment, for example, is practiced by 83% of them and 93% have celebrated the Sustainab’ALL day.

14%

Sum of weight of recycled waste and recycled feedstock (in tons)

8

16%

Number of biodiversity plans being deployed 9

TOTALENERGIES CREATES SHARED VALUE

15%

10

Share of spending with local stakeholders as a % of total spending = local wages + local spend + societal spend/opex + CapEx (in %)

In 2024, TotalEnergies launched its "Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change" program. These 5 levers are deployed as close as possible to our employees and our operations, thanks to the 189 Sustainability Officers of our operated subsidiaries. They ensure that the 5 levers are implemented in their subsidiaries, through action plans, training and the dissemination of best practices shared within the Company.

(1) Not applicable: corresponds to subsidiaries having decided not to retain this KPI. (2) The size of the circles is proportional to the number of responses in the interval considered.

[Page 12] Our Just Transition plan

E

The Just Transition is at the heart of our purpose « To provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable, more affordable, and more sustainable ». The Company is willing to accelerate the development of a decarbonized energy system, while maintaining the current energy system at a level sufficient to meet global demand and organize a just, orderly and equitable transition of energy systems.

nergy is at the heart of one of the great challenges of the 21st century: saving our planet from the threat of climate change while enabling the majority of mankind to escape from poverty. It is not enough to decarbonize energy. It is also necessary to meet the growing energy needs of a rising global population in a responsible way. That is the dual challenge for energy. Today, around 4.6 billion people (1) have a level of access to energy below what is considered necessary to enable satisfactory human development, particularly in terms of access to healthcare and education.

Clean cooking - Rwanda.

In 2050, there will be close to 10 billion people in the world. This demographic growth, and the improvement in living standards of the poorest populations, will require energy that is reliable, affordable, clean and accessible to as many people as possible.

We are mindful of the issues raised by our activities and our own transformation. We are particularly sensitive to the need to enhance our employees’ skills, guarantee decent wages and maintain social dialogue, in the spirit of the International Labour Organization’s guiding principles on just transition and the Paris Agreement. We also take actions towards our customers, our suppliers and more generally the communities and countries where we operate.

Today around 4.6 bn

As the effects of global warming become more visible, nations, both developed and emerging, are now faced with the essential task of a large-scale transformation, particularly of their energy systems.

people have a level of access to energy below what is considered necessary to enable satisfactory human developement

HIGHLIGHTS

TotalEnergies ranked number 1 of WBA's Just Transition assessment

The World Benchmarking Alliance assessed in 2025 the performance of 1,600 companies across the world, from all sectors, including about a hundred from the oil and gas sector. TotalEnergies obtained a score of 86.7/100 on the Just Transition topic.

Beyond the technological and financial challenges it poses, this transition process must be just if it is to succeed. It must provide the least developed countries with the clean, reliable and affordable energy they need for their growing populations aspiring to a higher standard of living. The most developed nations, in turn, will need to assist those who could be adversely affected by that transition, should for example their job disappear or the cost of this transition put them in energy poverty.

(1) Source: TotalEnergies Outlook 2025.

[Page 13] 100,000 EMPLOYEES Ensure employability, equal opportunity, social protection and attractive jobs

OUR DIALOGUE AND CONSULTATION MEANS OUR PROGRESS IN 2025 OUR 2026-2030 OBJECTIVES

• Negotiation, discussion, consultation or information of staff representative bodies. • Listening (annual surveys – TotalEnergies Survey / Pulse Survey). • Exchange between members of the Executive Committee and the employees (Campus).

• Start-up of the Grandpuits biorefinery, a major industrial redeployment project, without layoffs or forced mobility. • Continuation of the deployment of the Care Together by TotalEnergies program. • Continuation of the upskilling program. • Continuation of the program to train employees in sustainable development within the frame of « Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change ». • New disability agreement signed in 2025, for the 2026–2029 period (perimeter covering 14,000 employees in France). • Continuation of the deployment of the 2,000€ « energy efficiency and transition » individual envelope agreement for our 35,000 employees in France, applicable from January 1, 2024 for a period of 5 years. • New diversity objectives as of 01/01/2026.

• 100% of employees receive direct remuneration at least equal to the country’s living wage (global reporting in place since 2022). • Roll out of the Care Together by TotalEnergies program, guaranteeing high social standards for our employees worldwide. 100% of employees exposed to an occupational risk benefiting from regular medical monitoring. 98% of employees, primary parents, benefit from at least 14 weeks of fully paid child-welcoming leave. • 4.6 training days per year per employee in 2025. 98% of employees have followed at least one training course during the year. • Continuation of the “Digital Accelerator” season of the “Visa for TotalEnergies” upskilling program launched in 2022, focused on generative AI. • 24,000 employees have taken the digital training modules on sustainable development as part of the “Our 5 levers for a Sustainable Change” initiative. • Close to 10,000 of our employees work in low-carbon energies. • Capital increase reserved for TotalEnergies employees in 2025 subscribed by nearly 62,800 current and former employees in 97 countries. • 2025 Pulse Survey involving more than 60,000 employees in nearly 120 countries (excluding Hutchinson): 83.5% engagement rate and 90% of employees state they are proud to work for TotalEnergies. • Celebration of 5 years of membership in The Valuable 500, a global initiative in favor of the inclusion of people with disabilities in multinational companies.

~ 120 HOST COUNTRIES Participate in national energy transition projects by promoting responsible and transparent business conduct

OUR DIALOGUE AND CONSULTATION MEANS OUR PROGRESS IN 2025 OUR 2026-2030 OBJECTIVES

• Cooperation and partnerships. • Advocacy and lobbying based on the values and principles of our Code of Conduct. • Participation in the Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (EITI).

• Continued deployment of our multi-energy strategy with our partner countries, notably the GGIP project in Iraq (first electron of the solar project delivered to the grid in 2026). • Continuation of AUSEA campaigns. • Regular publication of our tax transparency reports.

• OGDC (Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter): publication of the second report “Implementing Action” under the leadership of the 3 CEO champions, including P. Pouyanné. • Implementation of the cooperation agreements with several industry partners (in particular Petrobras, Socar, Sonangol, NNPC, Oil India and ONGC) to measure methane emissions, and with Veolia in the waste and wastewater treatment sector (AUSEA). • Publication of the fourth tax transparency report. • Irak – Gas Growth Integrated Project (GGIP): start of construction of a first gas treatment unit, continuation of the solar plant works and investment decision for the last two projects, the full field development of Ratawi field (up to 210,000 bpd with no routine ﬂaring) and the construction of the seawater treatment plant. • France: TotalEnergies in partnership with RWE won the offshore wind tender “Centre Manche 2” (1.5 GW capacity). • France: start of France's first chemical recycling plant for plastic waste using pyrolysis technology with Plastic Energy at the Grandpuits platform • United States: commissioning of Clinton (65 MW) and Brazonia (325 MW) solar farms and start-up of the Cottonwood battery storage system. • Europe: creation of a joint investment platform with Tikehau Capital, to promote the development of charging infrastructure for electric vehicles in Belgium and the Netherlands

[Page 14] COMMUNITIES Contribute to their resilience and sustainable socio-economic development through a constant dialogue

OUR DIALOGUE AND CONSULTATION MEANS OUR PROGRESS IN 2025 OUR 2026-2030 OBJECTIVES

• Public consultations and societal impact studies for projects, meetings with local stakeholders. • Dialogue sessions with local/national/ international NGOs.

• EACOP & Tilenga: by the end of 2025, more than 24,300 direct jobs created, 1.5B$ spent locally; 2.7 million hours of training provided. In 2025, EACOP has continued to engage and dialogue frequently with the four vulnerable ethnic groups self-identifying as “Indigenous Peoples” impacted by the project - the Akie, Taturu, Barabaig and Maasai. • Nearly 1,600 socio-economic development initiatives supported worldwide. • Continuation of the operational activities of the Foundation created in 2023 by Mozambique LNG project to support socio-economic development in the province of Cabo Delgado. • Nearly 14,000 solidarity actions around the world in 2025 by nearly 10,000 employees (Action! program). • France: continuation of regional think tanks « Territoires des Energies et au-delà » meetings. Organization in 2025 of a cycle of meetings on energy sobriety. • Supporting youth in France: opening of 6 additional Production Schools in 2025; L’Industreet was hosting 309 young people at the end of 2025 and 187 graduated in 2025.

• Local jobs Tilenga & EACOP: aim to create 78,000 direct and indirect jobs during the construction phase and 4,200 during the operations phase. • Mozambique LNG: continuation of the Foundation’s development actions (multi-year budget of 200 M$). • Suriname: local content is estimated to be more than 1B$ over the duration of the project and more than 6,000 jobs, direct, indirect and induced, are expected to be created. • Continue to support young people: network of 100 Production Schools in France by 2028 in 13 regions; train 400 young people per year at L’Industreet.

MILLIONS OF CUSTOMERS Support the transition towards low-carbon, aﬀordable energy consumption

OUR DIALOGUE AND CONSULTATION MEANS OUR PROGRESS IN 2025 OUR 2026-2030 OBJECTIVES

• Provide access to Clean Cooking to 100 million people in Africa and India by 2030. • 40 million people served by our electricity production in emerging countries by 2030. • Electromobility: more than 1,000 sites equipped with high-power charging in Europe by 2028.

• B2B and B2C commercial relations. • Every day more than 6 million customers visit our more than 13,000 service stations in nearly 60 countries. • Management of our more than 450 key accounts and B2B technical and commercial partnerships. • Customer satisfaction surveys.

• Clean Cooking: in 2025, TotalEnergies distributed 1,030kt of bottled LPG in Africa and India, serving more than 16 million household and around 65 million people. • Launch of a partnership with DelAgua, to distribute improved cookstoves to 200,000 households in Rwanda. • Electromobility: nearly 90,000 charging points operated and supervised by the end of 2025 including 80,000 in Europe. Leading player in France in high-power charging on highways with nearly 1,850 charging points installed accross 290 sites at end-2025, all powered with 100% renewable electricity. The Charge+ mobility card provides access to a network of 200,000 public charging points In France and Spain. • Major player in professional mobility in Europe, with 4.2 million active mobility cards and electronic toll badges. • France: capping of fuel prices at all service stations at €1.99/l.

100,000 SUPPLIERS Encourage the reduction of environmental impact and promote respect for human rights

OUR DIALOGUE AND CONSULTATION MEANS OUR PROGRESS IN 2025 OUR 2026-2030 OBJECTIVES

• 93% of central purchasing function employees trained in sustainable procurement in 2025. • In 2025, the Company reached its target set in 2023 of assessing its 1,300 priority suppliers on all aspects of sustainable development.

• Awareness campaigns. • Surveys and questionnaires. • « Supplier Day ». • Monitoring and evaluation platform.

• Train our buyers in sustainable procurement. • Raise awareness and mobilize our suppliers in terms of sustainable development. • Support our suppliers within the framework of the Climate commitment program.

[Page 15] Our Transition Strategy

Employee in the petrochemical platform in Port Arthur - Texas - USA. Battery farm for energy storage at the refinery of Antwerp - Belgium.

16 Global Challenges: More Energy, Less Emissions 18 A Two-pillar Multi-energy Strategy 19 Focus. Malaysia: Development of a New Low-cost, Low-emission Gas Hub 20 More Energy, Less Emissions, Fully engaged in our transition strategy TotalEnergies’s Ambition in Terms of Sustainable Development and Energy Transition Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together with Society 23 2030: Our Objectives for More Energy and Less Emissions 24 Producing Oil Diﬀerently: Focus on Low-cost and Low-emission Oil Assets 25 Focus. Brazil, a Priority Country in the Deployment of the Company's Multi-energy Strategy 26 Liqueﬁed Natural Gas: a Key Fuel for the Energy Transition 28 Our Major Development in Electricity: an Integrated Approach 29 Focus. Flexible Assets & Storage: Complementary Solutions to the Rise of Renewables 30 Our Renewable Electricity Capacity Build-up 31 Focus. Poland: Brzezinka, the Birth of a Hybrid Renewable Energy Project 32 Anticipating Changes in Demand by Adapting Our Sales of Petroleum Products 33 Disciplined and Sustainable Investments to Support our Strategy 35 A Resilient Portfolio 37 2025 Taxonomy: A Company in Transition 38 Our Energy Transition-Related Risks 39 Adapting to Physical Risks 41 Advocacy and Sector Initiatives in Support of the Energy Transition 43 Our Extra-ﬁnancial Ratings

[Page 16] Global Challenges: More Energy, Less Emissions

ENERGY ACCESS IS ESSENTIAL TO HUMAN DEVELOPMENT

S

The United Nations Human Development Index (HDI) measures well-being in terms of health, education and living standards (GDP). HDI increases dramatically with energy access for low levels (below ~70 GJ/cap). Above 240 GJ/cap incremental energy does not significantly improve human development.

UN Human Development Index

1.0

ince the Paris Agreement in 2015, states have made a joint commitment “to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change, in the context of sustainable development and the fight against poverty, including by containing the rise in global average temperature to well below 2°C above preindustrial levels and continuing action to limit the rise in temperature to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.”

Asia OECD North America

0.9

TotalEnergies supports the objectives of the Paris Agreement and is deploying a strategy to meet the needs of both development and energy transition: more energy and less emissions.

Middle-East Europe

Latin America

0.8

Central Asia

0.7

More energy to fuel human development Access to energy is essential for human development. The figure on the left, adapted from the work of energy historian Vaclav Smil, shows that the human development index increases with the energy available per capita. The available energy must exceed the threshold of 70 GJ/capita to reach an index level deemed sufficient.

Asia non-OECD

0.6

Africa

Today, around 4.6 billion people live below this threshold. Getting them there today would require a 3-fold increase in the energy available to them. By 2050, taking into account the demographic growth of these populations, the energy available will have to be multiplied by 4.

Primary Energy Demand per capita (GJ/capita) 0.5

0

600 500 400 300 200 100

Insuﬃcient Suﬃcient Overabundant

bn

Recent history shows that such an increase is possible: between 2000 and 2022, China increased its available energy per capita by a factor of 3, from -40 to -120 GJ/capita, lifting ~800 million people out of poverty. This historic economic and social development resulted from the massive exploitation of coal, an abundant and often cheap source of domestic energy.

Today, approximately 4.6

people have insufficient access to energy (less than 70 GJ/capita)

[Page 17] GLOBAL ANTHROPOGENIC GHG EMISSIONS IN 2023

Gt CO 2 e

AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGIES TO REDUCE GHG EMISSIONS AND THEIR POTENTIAL IMPACT

0 5 10 15

74%

Methane from fossil fuels 1

Other methane emissions

14

4% 22% Electricity generation 2

Renewables combined with Flexible Gas to displace coal from the electricity system: up to ~8 Gt CO 2 e

2%

Transport

98%

8

27%

Other greenhouse gases (N 2 O, F-gases, …)

Electriﬁcation to decarbonize road transport: up to ~6 Gt CO 2 e

59%

14%

Industry

6

Energy related CO 2 emissions 10% 59%

~56 Gt CO 2 e

31%

Coal Oil Gas Bioenergy

ENERGY related GHG emissions ~39 Gt

3

Residential & Commercial

From land-use change

18%

Heat pumps to replace fossil boilers: up to ~2 Gt CO 2 e

49%

3

Energy system 3

33%

Agriculture

1

From industrial processes

38%

31%

23%

4

Methane from fossil fuels 1

Elimination of venting & ﬂaring and leak detection & repair to cut emissions from fossil fuels production: up to ~4 Gt CO 2 e

8%

1. “Methane from fossil fuels”, includes methane emissions from the production and transport of fossil and bioenergy fuels. 2. Including heat combined with power. 3. Includes energy sector own use, transport losses and energy transformation. Sources: IEA, Enerdata, UNEP, CITEPA, EDGAR, TTE analysis

The challenge of the energy transition is therefore twofold: (i) to decarbonize the "mature" energy systems of developed countries, and (ii) to increase the energy available in the Global South and India by fuelling economic and social development with low-carbon electricity rather than coal.

Reconciling economic and social development with the fight against climate change requires a pragmatic approach to deploy low-carbon technologies at a global scale, taking into account their cost (cost merit curve) and technological maturity.

(with annual emissions growth limited to +0.9%, compared with +1.6% for energy demand), this trend has strengthened: between 2023 and 2024, primary energy consumption increased by 2.2%, while the associated CO₂ emissions rose by only 0.8%. The decline in the carbon intensity of the global energy system has become clearly measurable.

Less emissions In 2023, GHG emissions from the energy system accounted for 39 billion tonnes of the 56 billion tonnes of anthropogenic GHG emissions. Burning coal to produce electricity is the biggest contributor, at around 10 Gt CO 2 , followed by using oil for transport, at around 8 Gt.

While real progress has been made since the Paris Agreement, experts now consider the goal of limiting global warming to +1.5 °C by 2100 to be out of reach. Achieving it would require, in particular, significantly strengthened international cooperation and massive financial support to enable developing countries to accelerate their decarbonization well beyond current trends.

The global deployment of mature and competitive lowcarbon technologies would make it possible to eliminate around 20 of these 39 Gt: • solar and wind – and natural gas to ensure the longterm balancing of the system – to produce electricity; • electric vehicles and heat pumps to use it, and • technologies to reduce methane emissions in the energy system.

Since 2023, the decoupling between global energy demand and CO₂ emissions from the energy system has been clearly widening. Already observable since the Paris Agreement

[Page 18] A Two-pillar Multi-energy Strategy

otalEnergies stays the course of its balanced integrated multi-energy strategy...

T

in 2030, allowing it to capture additional margins in a volatile market. Finally, the last lever is the recycling of capital through farm-downs of post-development assets in order to reinvest in new projects.

In 2027 and 2028, the start-ups of LNG projects will follow in Qatar, the United States, and Oman. At the same time, the Company strengthens its leading position in Europe in regasification and its leading LNG exporter position in the United States.

The oil projects developed, like the liquefaction plant projects, are well positioned on their respective merit curves, enabling them to generate value for the Company, even in a low-price scenario. The key indicator of its progress on this pillar is the reduction in Scope 1+2 emissions of its Oil & Gas assets because its first duty as a producer of hydrocarbons is to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions linked to their production.

The Company plans to increase its annual electricity production to 100-120 TWh (mainly from renewable sources) by 2030 by allocating a significant investment effort to low-carbon energies, mainly in the Integrated Power segment of $3 to $4 billion per year for the period 2026-2030, including approximately $1 billion per year on average over five years in shares as part of the transaction with EPH (1) . In 2025, the generated cash ﬂow of this segment was $2.6 billion and is expected to exceed $3 billion in 2026, the Integrated Power segment becoming net cash ﬂow positive from 2027.

... and developing a profitable and differentiated Integrated Power model to create a future cash engine of the Company.

TotalEnergies reaffirms the relevance of its balanced integrated multi-energy strategy considering the developments in the oil, gas and electricity markets. Anchored on two pillars, Oil & Gas, notably LNG, and electricity, the energy at the heart of the transition, the Company plans to increase its energy production (hydrocarbons and electricity) by +4% per year between 2024 and 2030 and is in a very favorable position to take advantage of energy prices evolution. Thanks to the refocusing of the Oil & Gas portfolio on assets and projects with low breakeven and low greenhouse gas emissions, and to the diversification into electricity, notably renewable, through an integrated strategy from production to customer, the Company is implementing its transition strategy while ensuring an attractive shareholder return policy.

... responsibly producing low cost, low emissions Oil & Gas...

Additionally, TotalEnergies also invests in a targeted manner in low-carbon molecules (biofuels, SAF and biogas, as well as hydrogen and its derivatives: e-fuels) as part of an “equity light” business model with partners.

TotalEnergies is replicating its integrated Oil & Gas business model into the electricity value chain to achieve a profitability (ROACE) of ~12% for the Integrated Power segment, equivalent to Upstream Oil & Gas ROACE at 60 $/b, above the returns of the traditional Utilities model.

While drastically lowering the emissions of greenhouse gas from its operations, TotalEnergies plans to grow its Oil & Gas production by around 3% per year over the next five years, predominantly from LNG, thanks to its rich low cost, low emission project portfolio which has been the subject of major investment decisions in 2025 to ensure its medium-term growth.

The key indicator of its progress to measure our transition towards low-carbon energy products is the lifecycle carbon intensity of the energy products used by the Company’s customers. The reduction in carbon intensity reﬂects the lower carbon content of the energy sold to its customers and the Company’s progress in implementing its transition strategy. This intensity decreased by 18.6% between 2015 and 2025.

The Company is building a world class cost-competitive portfolio combining renewable (solar, onshore wind, offshore wind) and ﬂexible assets (CCGT, storage) to deliver low-carbon electricity available 24/7. In particular, TotalEnergies is leveraging its scale effect in equipment purchases and digital to lower its operational costs in its renewable assets.

(1) The transaction remains subject to information‑consultation processes and regulatory

TotalEnergies also uses the strength of its balance sheet to increase its market exposure from 10% in 2024 to 30%

The Company will put more than ten projects into production by 2030 starting from 2025-2026, in oil in the United States, Brazil, Iraq and Uganda and in gas in Argentina, Nigeria, Malaysia, Qatar and Mexico.

approvals, with completion expected in mid‑2026.

[Page 19] FOCUS

Malaysia: Development of a New Low-cost, Low-emission Gas Hub

TOTALENERGIES IN MALAYSIA

South China Sea

TEA Layang-Layang

ND4 ND5

SB412

ND1 ND2 ND3

SB2K & SBN

SB400

SB3K

SK301b

SK313

Sabah

Marjoram (via 2E)

The Company is also developing hybrid renewable energy projects (solar and batteries) to supply its B2B customers under the Corporate Renewable Electricity Supply Scheme (CRESS). For example, at the end of 2025, TotalEnergies and Google signed a 21-year power purchase agreement (PPA) in Malaysia to supply Google with a total of 1 TWh (equivalent to 20 MW) of certified renewable electricity from the Citra Energies solar power plant. The plant, which is scheduled to begin construction in early 2026 in the northern province of Kedah, will power Google's data center operations in Malaysia. The project was awarded to TotalEnergies (49%) and its local partner MK Land (51%) by the Malaysian Energy Commission in August 2023.

SK408

Brunei

SK302a

SK310

Bintulu

SK303a

reserves, a portfolio of producing assets, and a brand-new development, Jerun, which started in 2024 and which delivers a low-cost, low-emission production of 50 kboe/d, with the gas being sold to Malaysia LNG plant. This transaction also provides an excellent platform for future growth, driven by both existing discoveries and future exploration. In 2025, the Company took the first step towards its growth ambitions by acquiring interests in 12 new blocks. This new position combines discovered resources and significant exploration potential. It includes a 50% working interest in blocks SK301b and SK313, where major gas discoveries totaling 4 Tcf, including Kenyalang, are expected to be developed to supply Malaysia LNG from 2030 onwards. With this additional development, the Company's production in the country could double to reach approximately 100 kboe/d after 2030.

Sarawak

SK328

Malaysia

TE operator

Indonesia

0 100 km

TE partner

Growth potential in exploration and strengthening of regional partnerships The Company is also setting up an exploration center for Asia, based in Kuala Lumpur, to strengthen its proximity to its stakeholders. This initiative illustrates how the Company intends to leverage its strategic partnership with Petronas, its low-cost operating capabilities and its track record of success in exploration and development to establish new profitable positions and seize growth opportunities beyond 2030. The Company has also entered into an agreement to sell an indirect 9.998% interest in the SK408 block in Malaysia to PTTEP. Following this transaction, TotalEnergies will retain a 30.002% interest in this block.

TotalEnergies and Petronas partner for a low ‑ carbon gas transition Petronas is a long-standing international partner of TotalEnergies, and this relationship has been further strengthened by their joint commitment to the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter (OGDC). At COP28, Petronas joined the first signatories of this industry initiative, demonstrating its willingness to share its practices and move forward collectively with other national and international companies to eliminate routine ﬂaring and achieve near-zero upstream methane emissions by 2030. This momentum also led to the signing in 2023 of an agreement between TotalEnergies, Petronas and Mitsui to develop a CO₂ storage project in Southeast Asia and evaluate several potential sites in the Malaysian basin. These initiatives confirm the convergence of Petronas and TotalEnergies' ambitions: to build a low-cost, lowemission gas hub in Malaysia to sustainably support the region's energy growth.

Present in Malaysia since 1985, TotalEnergies is a longstanding partner of the national company Petronas. With the completion of the acquisition of SapuraOMV's upstream assets, the Company has become the third largest gas operator in the country. The Company employs approximately 300 people in Malaysia and holds operated interests of 30.002% in block SK408 and 30% in block SK310, as well as interests in 16 other offshore blocks in Sarawak and Sabah. With the acquisition of SapuraOMV in 2024, the Company became an operator in the country. This transaction gave access to 4 Tcf of

Multi-energy activities Through its subsidiary TotalEnergies Marketing Malaysia, the Company markets petroleum products.

[Page 20] More Energy, Less Emissions, Fully engaged in our transition strategy

TotalEnergies’s Ambition in Terms of Sustainable Development and Energy Transition Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together with Society

In 2020, TotalEnergies outlined for the first time its ambition to aim for carbon neutrality together with society.

T

In 2021, as a result of a continuous dialogue with some shareholders, the Board of Directors broadened the net zero ambition together with society so as to cover direct and indirect emissions (Scope 1+2+3) on a worldwide basis.

otalEnergies' Climate Ambition TotalEnergies supports the Paris Agreement , with its call to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication, and its overarching goals to limit planetary warming to well below 2°C by 2100 compared with pre‑industrial levels.

The adoption of this ambition was supported by the strategy to become a broad-based energy company, expanding from oil and gas to low carbon electricity and other low carbon energies. It was also part of a shareholder dialogue process with Climate Action 100+ (CA 100+), a coalition of investors committed to the energy transition.

Climate change is a reality and requires the collective mobilization of all stakeholders. The 2015 Paris Agreement significantly raised the awareness of the need to tackle climate change and prompted an enhancement of collective action to start transitioning the global energy system.

This ambition set out three steps for TotalEnergies to get to Net Zero together with society: net zero for TotalEnergies' global operated emissions (Scope 1+2), net zero covering direct and indirect emissions (Scope 1+2+3) in Europe, and a 60% reduction in the average carbon intensity of energy products sold to our customers (CI) globally by 2050 compared to 2015.

Within the framework of its first corporate sustainability report (CSRD) published in March 2025 as required by the EU, TotalEnergies characterized its "together with society" approach by underlining some dependencies and uncertainties: " The energy transition requires the participation of all stakeholders, from regulatory authorities to end customers and industrial players. TotalEnergies is deploying a strategy that supports this collective transition and will enable our Company to adapt to the various scenarios that may materialize depending on developments in low-carbon technologies (speed of penetration, cost reduction), geopolitical relations, international trade, and consumer behavior. "

A massive transformation of the world’s energy systems is needed to achieve the Paris goals. The dual challenge of “more affordable energy for all and less carbon emissions” is a challenge for society as a whole, where governments, investors, companies and consumers all have important roles to play.

[Page 21] Non-State actors have had to balance these competing priorities too.

we sell to our customers is decreasing, on an energy unit basis. In 2025 our life-cycle Carbon Intensity was down by more than 18% compared to 2015. By 2030 we target a reduction of 25%.

TotalEnergies’ energy transition strategy supporting the Ambition As part of this Ambition, the Company has defined and consistently implemented a balanced transition strategy based on two pillars:

Our societies and economies have initiated an energy transition but the global economy is not yet achieving the pace of change required to meet the Paris Agreement objectives .

Our 2025 earnings demonstrate that our differentiated strategy built around these two pillars is delivering best in class returns, thereby creating long term value for our shareholders while supporting our climate ambition.

Against this backdrop, at COP30 in Belem in Nov. 2025, there was a common finding – by UNFCCC, UNEP and the international community - that the updated Nationally Determined Contributions for 2035 provided by the States fall behind what is needed to reach the Paris goals.

Ten years after the Paris Agreement: Confronting Net Zero ambitions to realities While the Company's transition strategy is based on solid market fundamentals and will be consistently pursued, the Company notes that the context in which its Ambition was adopted has evolved.

An Oil & Gas pillar centered on low cost and low emission projects: the Company continues to invest in existing fields and new oil and gas projects, and plans to increase its production of hydrocarbons – mainly LNG, a key energy source for the energy transition – by 3% per year on average until 2030, so as to meet growing energy demand and fight the natural decline of oil and gas fields (averaging 6-7% per year for the industry according to the 2025 IEA report). In parallel, TotalEnergies has published a roadmap to reduce emissions from its operations: it aims to achieve a 40% net reduction in its operated emissions (Scope 1+2) in 2030 compared to 2015, and an 80% reduction in its operated methane emissions in 2030 or sooner compared to 2020.

b) The current scientific consensus now emphasizes that the goal of limiting global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels is out of reach . Climatologists, including ones contributing to the IPCC work, and scientists have explicitly shared these views with the media and the public at large in 2025. Similarly, the International Energy Agency states in its 2025 World Energy Outlook report that " It is now all but certain that 1.5°C of warming will be exceeded within a decade or less, and that pathways that limit this overshoot of 1.5°C to low levels have now slipped out of reach ."

a) Ten years after the Paris Agreement, the global energy system has progressed by enabling the continued development of emerging economies while reducing the carbon intensity of the energy mix. Affordable lowcarbon technologies have experienced spectacular growth, for example solar panels or, in some parts of the world, electric vehicles. Yet the share of fossil fuels in the overall energy mix has hardly moved (from 82 to 80%) because the cleaner energy sources have not eliminated traditional energies but have mostly been added to the existing system as population and energy demand continue to grow steadily.

An Integrated Power pillar: the Company is building a competitive portfolio of renewable (solar, onshore wind, offshore wind) and ﬂexible assets (CCGT, storage) to provide its customers with low-carbon electricity available 24 hours by 7. We plan to increase our electricity production to more than 100 TWh by 2030, which would represent 20% of our energy production by that date. In addition, we are investing in low-carbon molecules, particularly biofuels and sustainable aviation fuels (SAF).

These scientific findings are closely linked to the inertia of the energy system, which still relies on fossil fuels for nearly 80% of its energy: despite the massive deployment of solar and wind, coal still plays a dominant role in electricity generation and accounts for three-quarters of the 14 billion tons of CO 2 emitted each year by power plants; the penetration of low-carbon technologies to electrify and decarbonize uses is hampered by cost considerations and sometimes by technological maturity constraints.

Since 2015, economic and geopolitical conditions have shifted, with rising interest rates making transition finance more expensive and the weaponization of energy putting energy security at the top of every country’s agenda. States have to balance the energy trilemma between energy reliability, energy affordability and sustainability.

A key measure of our contribution to the transition of our customers and the global energy systems is the lifecycle Carbon Intensity of the energy products sold to our customers (CI). The decline in our CI reﬂects our progress in implementing our transition strategy, since it means that the carbon content of the energy products

[Page 22] “More Energy, Less Emissions, Fully engaged in our transition strategy”

compared to 2015, an 80% reduction of its operated methane emissions in 2030 or sooner compared to 2020 and a 25% reduction of its life cycle carbon intensity (CI - scope 1+2+3) of the energy products sold to its customers compared to 2015.

TotalEnergies is fully engaged in its balanced, valuecreating, transition strategy based on 2 pillars : an oil & gas pillar and an integrated power pillar.

This transition strategy supports TotalEnergies' ambition for carbon neutrality, together with society, within the framework set out by the Paris Agreement’s objectives.

c) The legal and regulatory framework applicable to sustainability and climate has evolved . For European companies, the corporate sustainability reporting directive (CSRD) and associated reporting standards (ESRS) in force since 2025 have established a legally binding framework : targets using the words "net zero" require the adoption of "transition plans" (as defined by the regulations), and companies that adopt such plans must explain how these plans are compatible with a warming trajectory of 1.5°C by 2050 — which we know the scientific consensus now considers out of reach.

We acknowledge that our ability to achieve carbon neutrality is linked to our own efforts and to society’s broader progress in this area.

Therefore:

• TotalEnergies aims to achieve carbon neutrality for its global operated emissions (scope 1+2) by 2050 • The Company works proactively with its customers to help execute their own energy transition strategies and puts on the market a mix of energies with a lower carbon intensity year after year.

Based on the current state of scientific knowledge, in light of the growing heterogeneity of energy pathways at the global level, the reliance by forward‑looking scenarios on assumptions that may not materialize, and the ongoing uncertainties regarding the evolution of global energy demand, worldwide GHG emissions and the effective pace of deployment of low‑carbon technologies, the Company is not in a position to adopt a transition plan as defined by the European reporting standards and, as a result, cannot formulate “Net Zero” targets in the meaning of these standards.

Our ability to do so depends critically on the pace and affordability of technical innovation, on public policies and on consumers' behavior . This is what is encapsulated in “together with society”. Without the right policies and enough cost-efficient innovation, carbon neutrality by 2050 will remain out of reach – for society and for TotalEnergies. As a result of these dependencies, the pathways to our carbon neutrality ambition will need to be reassessed and adapted over time.

The pathways to our carbon neutrality ambition together with society will need to be reassessed and adapted over time In order to take these realities into account, particularly the legal framework created by the European corporate sustainability reporting directive regarding “Net Zero” taxonomy, TotalEnergies has to evolve the wording and to precise the dependencies of its carbon neutrality ambition, together with society.

On the way to its ambition, TotalEnergies confirms its targets set for 2030 for reducing emissions worldwide : a 40% net reduction of its scope 1+2 operated emissions

[Page 23] 2030: Our Objectives for More Energy and Less Emissions

ENERGY PRODUCTION

GHG EMISSIONS, SCOPE 1+2 FROM TOTALENERGIES’ OPERATED FACILITIES

ver the decade 2020-2030, TotalEnergies’ energy transition strategy based on two pillars is reﬂected in the production targets shown below.

Energy production In PJ/d

Mt CO 2 e

O

+4%/y

TotalEnergies plans to increase its energy production (oil, gas and electricity), overall by 4% per year between 2024 and 2030.

40

~20%

Low-Carbon molecules Electricity

+5%

-40% 1 -25% -28%

In 2025, its electricity production accounted for nearly 10% of its hydrocarbon production. Its objective is to increase it to 20% in 2030.

40%

Gas

20

At the same time, the Company is pursuing its trajectory of reducing its emissions (Scope 1+2 CO 2 and methane) from its operated facilities with a perspective to reducing net emissions (1)

~4% Oil & Gas

+3% Oil & Gas

Oil

40%

0

2030 2025 2024 2015

by 40% by 2030 compared with 2015 and to reducing its operated methane emissions by 80% in 2030 or sooner compared to 2020.

2030 2025 2024

LIFECYCLE CARBON INTENSITY OF THE ENERGY PRODUCTS SOLD 2

The growth of its electricity sales allows the Company to target a 25% reduction in the lifecycle (2) carbon intensity of its sales by 2030 compared to 2015.

Scope 1+2+3, base 100 in 2015

100

+ 4%/year

METHANE EMISSIONS FROM TOTALENERGIES’ OPERATED FACILITIES

of energy production between 2024 and 2030

-25% -18.6% -16.5%

kt CH 4

60

40

-65% -55%

20

-80%

0

2030 2025 2024 2015

0

(1) The calculation of net emissions includes nature-based carbon sinks projects as from 2030. (2) Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary).

1. Net of nature-based carbon sinks. 2. Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary).

2030 2025 2024 2020

[Page 24] Producing Oil Diﬀerently: Focus on Low-cost and Low-emission Oil Assets

GLOBAL LIQUID DEMAND AND POPULATION 1

Mb/d

G

+0.8% CAGR 2020-2030

Global Liquid demand - Mb/d Population, base 100 in 2020

on the basis of performance criteria, notably technical costs and carbon intensity (Scope 1+2). The Company operates its fields in accordance with strict requirements concerning safety, emissions reduction and environmental impact. The cash ﬂow generated by these Oil and Gas activities contributes to financing its investments in renewable energy.

100

HIGHLIGHTS

90

TotalEnergies is pursuing its investment strategy focused on low‑carbon‑intensity and low‑cost assets.

2030 2025 2020 2015 2010 80

lobal demand for petroleum products reached 104.0 Mb/d in 2025, i.e. + 0.8 Mb/d (+ ~1%) compared to 2024, and should continue to grow over the decade (105.5 Mb/d by 2030 according to the IEA). Beyond 2030, the trajectories of the different forecasters vary between moderate growth, plateau and start of decline. These demand forecasts remain dependent in particular on population and economic growth, market penetration pace of low-carbon technology innovations such as electric vehicles and changes in behavior. In addition, demand for petroleum products should evolve in a differentiated way according to the specific energy transition roadmaps of the various countries. It is expected to continue increasing through 2030-2040, and could begin to decline thereafter, but at a slower pace than the natural decline rate of existing fields, which the IEA estimates at an average of 8% per year over the next decade (1) .

• In Namibia, TotalEnergies is advancing studies on the Venus field with a perspective for FID in 2026. TotalEnergies also entered into an agreement with Galp to become the operator of the prolific PEL 83 permit, which includes the Mopane discovery, and expanded its exploration portfolio by becoming operator of the PEL104 license.

• In Libya, TotalEnergies signed the extension of the Waha concessions until 2050.

• TotalEnergies also strengthened its exploration portfolio by entering into new licenses in Algeria, the United States, Nigeria, Indonesia, Guyana, and Liberia.

TotalEnergies therefore believes that new oil projects are still needed to meet this demand and to keep prices at an acceptable level in order to create the conditions for a just transition that gives people time to adapt their energy use. In 2025, TotalEnergies produced 1.4 Mb/d of oil, equivalent to its 2019 level, representing around 1.5% of world production.

1. Sources: 2015–2025 oil demand: IEA historical data, IEA Oil Market Report (January 2026). 2026–2030 oil demand: TotalEnergies projection. Population: United Nations World Population Prospects 2024.

TotalEnergies’ first responsibility as an oil producer is to produce differently, by reducing emissions to the minimum. To that end, it approves hydrocarbon projects

• In 2025, TotalEnergies' production growth benefited from the start-up and ramp-up of seven major projects (Mero-2, Mero-3 and Mero-4 in Brazil, Anchor and Ballymore in the United States, Fenix in Argentina, and Tyra in Denmark), supporting the target of a 3% upstream production annual growth through 2030. (1) Source: The Implications of Oil and Gas Field Decline Rates (IEA, September 2025).

[Page 25] FOCUS

Brazil, a Priority Country in the Deployment of the Company's Multi-energy Strategy

reinjecting gas and CO 2 into the Mero 3 field, as well as their cooperation to deploy AUSEA technology in Brazil, enabling the detection and reduction of methane emissions.

In 2025, Brazil was the leading country in TotalEnergies' portfolio in terms of cash ﬂow generation.

Solar In Operation / Under Construction

Onshore Wind In Operation / Under Construction

Rio de Janeiro

Renewable energies Brazil is one of the three deregulated market priorities — along with the United States and Europe — on which TotalEnergies focuses the development of its Integrated Power model in electricity.

Solar & BESS Storage In Operation / Under Construction

São Paulo

Own sites and sites with Casa dos Ventos

TotalEnergies has been active in the renewable energy sector in Brazil since 2017 with the launch of its first TotalEren project, now fully integrated into TotalEnergies. In October 2022, the Company acquired a 34% stake in a joint venture with Casa dos Ventos, one of Brazil's leading players in the renewable energy sector. This partnership aims to jointly develop a renewable energy portfolio, including onshore wind, solar photovoltaic and battery storage projects, with a target capacity of 12 GW by 2030, with more than 11 GW already identified.

In 2025, the Company celebrated 50 years of presence in Brazil, a key country in the deployment of the Company's multi-energy strategy, with strong potential for the development of oil and renewable energies. TotalEnergies is continuing its development there through its strategic alliance with Petrobras on the one hand, and through a joint venture with Casa dos Ventos, Brazil's leading developer of onshore wind projects on the other hand.

• Lapa (45% operator) in production since 2016, making TotalEnergies the first international operator to produce in the Brazilian pre-salt ; • Libra (19.3%), in production since 2017, whose development continues with the start-up of Mero 3 in October 2024 and Mero 4 in May 2025 ; • Atapu (22.5%) and Sépia (28%). The Atapu and Sépia FPSOs are in production, and final investment decisions for an additional FPSO on each field were taken in May 2024.

Casa Dos Ventos is also developing the marketing of decarbonated electricity for data centers , for which it contracted with Pecem and Ascenty in 2025. Under its agreement with Ascenty, Casa Dos Ventos will supply an average of 110 MW of production capacity , available on a 24/7 basis, supported by 0.3 GW of photovoltaic and wind assets, avoiding 5 Mt of CO 2 eq. Ascenty will also take a direct stake in the assets.

TotalEnergies also increased its stake in the Lapa field to 48% by acquiring an additional 3% in exchange for its 20% non-operated interest in the Gato do Mato project. Furthermore, as part of their strategic alliance renewed in 2023, TotalEnergies and Petrobras are innovating to reduce GHG emissions associated with production. TotalEnergies and Petrobras continued in 2025 to develop a pilot unit using pioneering subsea technology for separating and

By the end of 2025, 3.2 GW of assets will already be in operation. In addition, 1.5 GW of onshore wind assets, and 2.0 GW of photovoltaic production capacity are under construction.

Deep oﬀshore in Brazil: an area emblematic of the Company's strategy TotalEnergies' portfolio in Brazil has grown steadily since 2015 and currently includes 9 licenses, 4 of which are operated. Most of the facilities are located in ultra deep offshore waters and in the pre-salt fields of the Campos and Santos basins. In 2025, the Company's average production in the country reached approximately 185 000 barrels of oil equivalent per day:

[Page 26] Liqueﬁed Natural Gas: a Key Fuel for the Energy Transition

GROWING, DIVERSIFIED AND FLEXIBLE LNG PORTFOLIO

Snøhvit LNG Yamal LNG

Production & Purchasing

Equity production (1) In construction (2) Force majeure

Ksi Lisims

Equity production (subject to FID)

Long-term supply

Cameron LNG + T4

ECA LNG (1)

Qatar

Ruwais LNG (1) Marsa LNG (1) ELNG Cronos

RGLNG (1) + T4 (1)

Adnoc LNG

Imports & Sales

Long-term sales

Yemen LNG (2)

Oman LNG & Qalhat LNG

Regasiﬁcation terminals in operation or planned

Nigeria LNG + T7 (1)

Bunkering hub

Papua LNG

Mozambique LNG (1) Angola LNG

Ichthys LNG

Gladstone LNG

~ 60 Mtpa

of LNG sales by 2030

equity production + long-term offtake 2025-2030

Customers Shipping Regas Upstream Trading LNG Plants equity and offtake +50%

[Page 27] HIGHLIGHTS

Rio Grande LNG – United States

I

Reducing the carbon footprint of the LNG portfolio TotalEnergies aims to gradually reduce GHG emissions of the LNG value chain, from gas production to end use.

n the gas markets, TotalEnergies focuses on Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), which can be shipped everywhere in the world and thus contributes to energy security, as it has been the case in Europe where pipeline deliveries of Russian gas have sharply declined since 2022 and fell further with the halt of transit through Ukraine at the end of 2024.

In September 2025, TotalEnergies and its partners took the final investment decision for the fourth train of the Rio Grande LNG (RGLNG) project. TotalEnergies has a direct 10% stake and an indirect 7% stake as a shareholder of NextDecade, and will offtake 1.5 Mt/year of LNG for 20 years from this future Train 4.

North Field East & North Field South – Qatar

In addition to its efforts to reduce methane emissions, initiatives are being implemented throughout the whole chain. The electrification of liquefaction plant processes is helping to reduce LNG’s carbon footprint today, and tomorrow this reduction will be reinforced by CO 2 capture and storage projects.

Thus, the average carbon intensity of the Company’s LNG liquefaction portfolio reached around 28 kgCO₂e/boe (3) in 2025. It ranges from 22 to 26 kgCO₂e/boe for new plants and can be reduced to less than 3 kgCO₂e/boe when the facility is electrified and powered by carbon-free electricity, as it is the case in the Marsa LNG project.

With the planned start‑up of North Field East (NFE, 6.25% interest) in 2026 and North Field South (NFS, 9.375%) in 2028, TotalEnergies is strengthening its position in LNG in Qatar, following its entry into both projects in 2022. With a combined liquefaction capacity of 48 Mt/y, these projects include integrated carbon capture and storage for CO 2 produced during upstream operations. TotalEnergies’ participation should add 3.5 Mt/y to the Company’s global LNG portfolio.

LNG bunkering – Europe

The growth of renewable electricity, intermittent and seasonal by nature, will require an increase in ﬂexible power generation resources. The dispatchable generation of gas-fired power plants helps secure electricity supply against weather variability affecting renewables, while also responding to ﬂuctuations in demand. In addition, natural gas plays an essential role in reducing emissions from power generation as a replacement of coal , emitting half as much GHG for the same amount of electricity produced (1) . It is particularly the case in Asia where coal still accounts for a very large part of the electricity mix of many countries (e.g. 60% in China, 70% in India (2) ).

TotalEnergies is also working to reduce shipping emissions by renewing its ﬂeet of chartered LNG carriers with modern, high-performing vessels (average age of the ﬂeet under long-term charter: 7 years versus 11 years for the global ﬂeet of LNG carriers (4) ).

With diversified positions, and in particular a leading position of exporter in the United States – over 19 Mt in 2025 – TotalEnergies is the world's 3 rd largest LNG player, with 44 Mt sold in 2025. In 2025, the Company also signed various LNG sales contracts with major Asian customers, particularly in South Korea and India.

In July 2025, TotalEnergies and CMA CGM launched a joint venture dedicated to LNG bunkering in the port of Rotterdam to offer a comprehensive logistics service in the AmsterdamRotterdam-Antwerp (ARA) region. As part of a long-term agreement supporting the decarbonization of maritime transport, the joint venture will supply CMA CGM with up to 360,000 tons of LNG per year from 2028 to 2040. LNG is currently the most mature and readily available solution for reducing the environmental footprint of maritime transport, enabling up to a 20% reduction in GHG emissions compared to traditional marine fuel.

All LNG carriers chartered by TotalEnergies use LNG as fuel. Furthermore, TotalEnergies actively supports the industry’s efforts to reduce “methane slip” (emission of unburned methane in engines) and joined the MAMII (Methane Abatement in Maritime Innovation Initiative) in February 2024.

(1) Source: IEA Emission Factors Package - 2025. (2) Source: Enerdata. (3) Source: TotalEnergies, calculations based on the plants in which TotalEnergies holds an

interest and on the principles presented by the IEA in its report “The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions” (2023). (4) Source: S&P.

In line with its balanced multi-energy strategy, TotalEnergies intends to consolidate its integrated position across the entire LNG value chain. Between 2025 and 2030, LNG volumes (from equity and long-term third-party purchases, excluding Russia after 2027) are expected to grow by 50%. TotalEnergies intends to focus on improving the ﬂexibility and resilience of its LNG portfolio by investing in low-cost liquefaction projects, which are best positioned on the merit curve, and to continue growing its Brent-indexed sales in Asia.

[Page 28] Our Major Development in Electricity: an Integrated Approach

POWER GENERATION BY 2030

economies of scale (such as India and South Africa) and through strategic partnerships with local players.

By technology

E

lectricity demand, which is essential to the success of the energy transition, is expected to grow sharply, as decarbonization is at the heart of the roadmaps of countries committed to carbon neutrality by 2050. In response, Integrated Power, the second pillar of the Company’s strategy, is developing an integrated model encompassing the entire value chain, from power generation to sales and trading activities, with a profitability target of around 12% ROACE.

The Company’ levers to grow with a return on average capital employed of around 12% are selectivity in its choices of projects; integration across the entire electricity value chain; cost control using its project management and offshore development skills; mobilizing external financing at competitive rates and farm-downs to accelerate cash ﬂow generation and diversify its portfolio’s exposure.

Solar Onshore wind Oﬀshore wind CCGT

100-120 TWh

HIGHLIGHTS

By 2030, TotalEnergies aims to achieve net electricity production of 100-120 TWh, mainly from renewable sources. As part of its transformation into an integrated multienergy company, TotalEnergies is building a competitive portfolio of renewable (solar, onshore and offshore wind) and ﬂexible (CCGT, storage) assets to provide its customers with an increasing share of carbon-free electricity available 24/7.

By geography

~ 70% in deregulated markets where we can implement our integrated strategy

Europe In line with TotalEnergies’ ambition to build an integrated power player in Europe, the Company announced in November 2025 the signing of an agreement with Energetický a průmyslový holding, a.s. (EPH) to acquire 50% of a ﬂexible power generation platform (gas‑fired and biomass power plants, batteries).

In deregulated markets, TotalEnergies deploys its integrated model across the entire value chain, from electricity generation based on renewable and ﬂexible assets to sales and trading activities. This strategy focuses on three key areas - Europe, the United States, and Brazil - which are expected to account for around 70% of its production volumes.

100-120 TWh

United States Europe Brazil O&G Countries India ROW Deregulated markets

The transaction (1) covers a portfolio of more than 14 GW of gross ﬂexible generation capacity in operation or under construction, representing net annual production of 15 TWh, increasing to 20 TWh by 2030. It will result in the creation of a 50/50 joint venture between TotalEnergies and EPH. This joint venture will be responsible for the industrial operations and development of the portfolio, while each partner will market its share of production under a tolling arrangement. The scope also includes around 5 GW of projects under development.

The assets are located in Italy, the United Kingdom, Ireland, the Netherlands and France, and combine existing capacities, gas‑fired and biomass power plants, batteries under construction and new capacity projects. The joint venture will become the preferred vehicle for growth in ﬂexible generation.

(1) The transaction remains subject to employee‑consultation processes and regulatory

approvals, with completion expected by mid‑2026.

In regulated markets, TotalEnergies is implementing a targeted growth strategy in renewables. In oil and gas producing countries, TotalEnergies supports the local energy transition by developing renewable electricity projects that contribute to the reduction of emissions of its oil and gas projects. This model enables renewable projects to be financed through revenues generated by oil and gas activities. In the rest of the world, TotalEnergies is pursuing selective development of renewable projects, focusing on markets large enough to benefit from

[Page 29] FOCUS

Flexible Assets & Storage: Complementary Solutions to the Rise of Renewables

The commercial commissioning of these projects, carried out through Kyon Energy, is scheduled for 2026 and will contribute to the development of our integrated electricity activities in Germany.

The Company's portfolio of gas-fired power plants enables it to meet the growing demand for controllable and ﬂexible generation accross Europe and the United States. At the end of 2025, it comprises 16 production units, representing a total gross capacity of 6.7 GW. These assets are expected to be supplemented by the asset portfolio of the upcoming 50/50 joint venture between TotalEnergies and EPH.

In other regions, TotalEnergies is developing and operating energy storage projects, either alone or with partners, notably in the United States, Belgium, Puerto Rico, South Africa, and Kazakhstan.

Battery containers - Danish Fields solar farm - USA.

With these projects, TotalEnergies is contributing to the resilience of electricity systems by reducing curtailement risks and providing additional ﬂexibility that will promote the growth of renewable energies.

Large-scale electricity storage is experiencing strong growth, with capacity doubling in 2024 (source: IEA Electricity 2026). This technology is gradually establishing itself as a key solution for managing shorter-term ﬂexibility. In this segment, TotalEnergies draws on the expertise of Saft for battery production, Kyon Energy for project development and Quadra Energy for asset management.

Finally, the Company's portfolio of gas-fired power plants in Europe and the United States plays a key role in meeting the growing demand for controllable and ﬂexible generation.

HIGHLIGHTS

Spain CCGT

TotalEnergies is developing ﬂexible assets, particularly battery energy storage systems (BESS) and gas-fired power plants. Large-scale ﬂexible systems are essential to support the growth of renewables, which are intermittent by nature, and to alleviate grid congestion.

Acquired by the Company in 2016, Saft specializes in the design, manufacturing, and marketing of high-tech batteries for the industry. Saft is particularly well positioned to capitalize on the growth of renewable energies, offering battery storage capacities, coupled or not with renewable electricity generation. In 2025, Saft continued to develop this business, signing new BESS supply contracts, notably in Taiwan and Japan, and commissioning a third storage project coupled with TotalEnergies solar power plants in Texas.

At midday on April 28, 2025, the Iberian Peninsula experienced an exceptionally large-scale power outage. Following initial analysis of the incident, the grid operator called on the country's gas-fired power plants (CCGTs) to ensure the grid stability. In this context, TotalEnergies' CCGT in Castejon also increased its production by around 50% in 2025 compared to 2024.

The development of ﬂexible assets enables TotalEnergies to offer Clean Firm Power to its customers, which consists of supplying a continuous and constant volume of carbonfree electricity. These assets also maximize the value of TotalEnergies' portfolio, particularly through its trading activities.

In Germany, through its subsidiary Kyon Energy, TotalEnergies launched the construction of seven battery electricity storage projects with a total capacity of 321 MW.

[Page 30] Our Renewable Electricity Capacity Build-up

HIGHLIGHTS

GROSS INSTALLED CAPACITY OF RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY GENERATION (GW)

Oﬀshore wind power - France

T

+ 8 GW IN 2025

otalEnergies is executing its roadmap in renewables, which is part of the Company's objective to reach 100-120 TWh of net electricity generation by 2030.

8 GW 34 GW

Of gross capacity, including: • India (+3 GW) • United States (+1.6 GW) • Brazil (+0.7 GW) • Europe (+0.7 GW) • Dominican Republic (+0.5 GW)

26 GW

TotalEnergies, in partnership with RWE, won the “Centre Manche 2” offshore wind tender. This 1.5-GW project, the largest renewable energy farm in France to date, will represent a total investment of around €4.5 billion and will produce around 6 TWh/year. Subject to a Final Investment Decision expected in 2029, electricity production is expected to start in 2033.

22 GW

17 GW

Iraq

At the end of 2025, TotalEnergies has reached a gross installed production capacity of 34 GW of renewable electricity and is actively pursuing the development of these activities to bring this capacity to 80 GW by 2030 , a level that should make it one of the world’s top five producers of renewable electricity (wind and solar), Chinese producers set aside.

10 GW

2025 Delivred in 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021

In 2025, TotalEnergies reached a major milestone in the development of its multi-gigawatt solar project associated with the GGIP multi-energy complex in Iraq. The mobilization of more than 2,000 workers on site at the end of 2025 has enabled key milestones for the project to be secured, with the delivery of the first electron to the grid in March 2026. Located near the GGIP project's gas processing plant, the solar power plant will supply electricity to 350,000 households and avoid up to 2 million tons of CO₂ per year.

GROSS INSTALLED CAPACITY OF RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY GENERATION (GW) 1

TOTAL

United States

Storage and hydroelectricity

Solar Wind Onshore

Wind Offshore

France 1.4 0.9 0 0.2 2.5

Rest of Europe 0.7 1.7 1.1 0.3 3.8

Africa 0.3 0 0 0.4 0.7

Middle East 1.3 0 0 0 1.3

North America 7.3 2.3 0 1 10.6

In 2025, TotalEnergies continued to grow its portfolio of renewable assets in this deregulated market. The Clinton (65 MW) and Brazoria (325 MW) photovoltaic power plants in Texas, whose construction began in 2023, were commissioned. The 150 MW/1.5 hour battery storage system of the Cottonwood project also started operations in 2025.

South America 0.6 1.8 0 0 2.4

India 9.7 0.6 0 0 10.3

Asia/Pacific 1.8 0 0.6 0 2.5

TOTAL 23.1 7.3 1.8 1.9 34.1

1 . Including 17.25% of Adani Green LNG’s gross capacity, 50% of Clearway Energy Group’s gross capacity and 49% of Casa dos Ventos’ gross capacity.

[Page 31] FOCUS

Poland: Brzezinka, the Birth of a Hybrid Renewable Energy Project

BRZEZINKA PROJECT

The stability and congestion of the electricity grid are recurring obstacles to the development of renewable energies.

Baltic Sea

combine a 303 MW photovoltaic power plant and a 106 MW battery storage system, making it one of the largest hybrid parks in the country. It is scheduled to come online in late 2027.

Poland

Warsaw

To remedy this, the stability of facilities can be improved, for example, by locating production and consumption on the same site, which TotalEnergies is implementing in the United States. It is also possible to locate different production and storage capacities on the same site, pooling the site, operations, and connection to the national grid: these are known as hybrid projects.

Germany

Brzezinka

The project could also evolve in the future towards a more advanced solar-wind-battery hybrid system, with the integration of wind power generation capacity located at the same site currently under consideration and study. This additional capacity would still be connected to the grid via the same interconnexion cable already shared between the photovoltaic power plant and the battery storage system, thereby also optimizing grid connection costs .

Cracovie

Czech Republic

I n Poland, TotalEnergies has taken the final investment decision and started construction of the Brzezinka hybrid project in 2025. Located in Lower Silesia, this project will

0 100 km

Lower Silesian region

BRZEZINKA HYBRID PROJECT

303 MWp

of solar under construction

>1 TWh

Ultimately, resulting from the hybrid solution (solar, battery and wind)

Single shared point of connection

106 MW

to the grid

of storage batteries under construction

Up to 245 MW of wind under development

[Page 32] Anticipating Changes in Demand by Adapting Our Sales of Petroleum Products

OIL PRODUCTION, REFINERY THROUGHPUT AND PETROLEUM PRODUCT SALES

Mboe/d

T

otalEnergies’ downstream business has been a steady contributor to the Company’s results, while transitioning and adapting its activities to focus on high value-added markets.

2.5

2.0

• Lubricants: differentiating ourselves through high valueadded, high-margin products and developing more sustainable products to meet growing demand for circular products (RRBO (1) ); • Electric mobility: align its investments with the pace of electric vehicle adoption by users, develop its positions in high-power charging in Europe and deploy a lowequity business model (partnerships and leverage).

1.5

The Company is addressing the sustainability challenges of its downstream activities through 3 levers: • lowering the breakeven point of its refining-petrochemicals assets in a cyclical industry; • reducing GHG emissions from its operations; • offering customers low-carbon mobility solutions.

1.0

HIGHLIGHTS

0.5

Electromobility

Oil production

Reﬁning throughput

Petroleum product sales

0

2030 2025 2019

In Europe, TotalEnergies is supporting the growth of electric mobility, particularly in France, where the Company is the leading player in ultra-fast charging on motorways.

SAF

In Refining & Chemicals, TotalEnergies is continuing to develop its biofuels business. It is capitalizing on its existing assets by implementing SAF production by co-processing raw materials from waste and residues (used cooking oils and animal fats), excluding first generation 1G biomass (in competition with food consumption) in jet units in operation or by converting existing refineries into biorefineries (La Mède since 2019 and Grandpuits from 2026).

For the Marketing & Services, TotalEnergies executes a three-fold Value over Volume strategy: • Network: focusing on geographies where it has a competitive advantage, such as France, Africa and certain niche markets, in order to adapt to the evolving demand for petroleum products, particularly in Europe as part of the implementation of the “Fit for 55” program;

TotalEnergies has strengthened its role as a pioneer in sustainable aviation fuels by planning for more than half a million tons of SAF per year by 2028 to accelerate the decarbonization of air transport. In 2025, TotalEnergies signed a 15-year agreement with Quatra to secure the supply of 60,000 tons of used cooking oil per year for its biorefineries, thereby boosting the production of biofuels and sustainable aviation fuels. TotalEnergies has also entered into an agreement with Avril to study the creation of a French intermediate crop sector for the production of sustainable aviation fuels, in order to support the decarbonization of air transport.

(1) Re-Refined Base Oils.

[Page 33] Disciplined and Sustainable Investments to Support our Strategy

BALANCED AND DISCIPLINED INVESTMENTS TO DELIVER ENERGY PRODUCTION GROWTH

T

Integrated Power

~ 4 B$ Low-carbon energies effort inc. ~1 B$eq EPH shares 1

otalEnergies' annual capital expenditure target is $14 to $16 billion per year over the 2026-2030 period. TotalEnergies consistently maintains a significant level of investment in low-carbon energies, mainly in low-carbon electricity, with an investment effort in the Integrated Power segment ranging from $3 and $4 billion per year over 2026–2030, including around $1 billion per year in shares over five years as part of the transaction with EPH.

Oil

Low-carbon molecules

Maintenance Oil

~15 B$ en 2026

Maintenance Gas

14-16 B$ 2027 - 2030 Net Capex 2

In 2025, TotalEnergies invested a total of $17.1 billion, including around $3.5 billion in low-carbon energies, mainly in the Integrated Power segment (around $3 billion). In 2026, the Company plans to invest $15 billion, including $2.5-3 billion of net investments in the Integrated Power segment, representing a total investment effort of $3.5 to $4 billion when factoring in around $1 billion in shares as part of the transaction with EPH.

LNG & Gas

Consistent with our commitment to build a multi-energy Company, we have begun publishing financial indicators for the Integrated Power segment from 2023.

~35% New Oil & Gas projects

1. Equivalent to 5.1 B€ over five years. 2. Net CapEx = organic investments + acquisitions - asset sales.

consideration the aims of the Paris Agreement on the basis of the following criteria: • project profitability is analyzed in a hydrocarbon price scenario compatible with the Paris Agreement objectives of limiting temperature rise to well below 2°C and with a carbon price of $100/t (or the prevailing price if higher in a given country); • for new Oil & Gas projects (greenfield projects and acquisitions), the intensity of Scope†1+2 greenhouse gas emissions is compared, depending on their nature, to the intensity of the average greenhouse gas emissions of Upstream production assets or that of various Downstream units (LNG plants, refineries) of the Company. For Upstream projects, the threshold has been lowered to 16kg CO2e/boe, as of 2026, versus 17kg CO2e/boe previously - evidence of the effectiveness of our criteria. For additional investments in existing assets (brownfield projects), the investment will have to lower the Scope 1+2 emissions intensity of the asset in question. The goal is for each new investment to contribute to lowering the average intensity of the Company’s Scope1+2 greenhouse gas emissions in its category; • for projects involving other energy and technologies (biofuels, biogas), GHG emissions reductions are assessed based on the amount by which they will reduce the carbon content of our sales.

Continuing to invest with discipline In a global economic context marked by a high level of uncertainty, it is essential to maintain our investment criteria to ensure the profitability and resilience of our portfolio. Each material investment project is assessed taking into

[Page 34] APPROVED UPSTREAM OIL & GAS PROJECTS

HIGHLIGHTS

In 2025, after evaluation according to these criteria, 31 investments have been validated. The most significant by category are:

GHG emission intensity vs portfolio average (%)

Hydrocarbons - Upstream Oil & Gas

Integrated Power

100%

100

80

60

40

Launch of several projects which support the 3%/year growth objective of Upstream production and corresponding cash ﬂow. • Expansion of the portfolio and strengthening of the strategic partnership with Petronas in Malaysia. • Entry into a portfolio of exploration permits operated by Chevron, strengthening the partnership between the two companies in the US offshore sector. • In Namibia, conclusion of an agreement with Galp to become the operator of the prolific PEL 83 permit, which includes the Mopane discovery, and expansion of the exploration portfolio by becoming the operator of the PEL104 license.

20

Liqueﬁed Natural Gas

• In the United States, TotalEnergies is one of the top 5 renewable players with a portfolio of 25 GW in operation and development. • In France, TotalEnergies, alongside RWE, was awarded the 1.5 GW offshore wind farm concession as part of the “Centre Manche 2” project. • In Germany, TotalEnergies has been awarded a new 1 GW offshore wind concession, located in close proximity to the N-9.1 (2 GW) and N-9.2 (2 GW) sites jointly owned with RWE. • In line with its renewable energy business model, this growth was accompanied by several farm-downs, namely the sale of 50% of 1.4 GW of renewable and BESS assets in the United States, 600 MW of renewable assets in Portugal, 420 MW of renewable assets in Greece, and 270 MW of renewable assets in France.

0

Project

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

Low-carbon Molecules

Technical costs

Strengthened integration in the LNG chain, particularly in the American and Asian markets: acquisition of upstream assets in production in the Anadarko Basin, final investment decision (FID) for RioGrande LNG Train 4, in which TotalEnergies will offtake 1.5Mtpa and hold a 10% direct stake, thereby strengthening its LNG export capacity from the United States, and the signing of long-term LNG sales contracts in South Korea, India, and also in the Dominican Republic.

• Technical costs include operating costs and investment costs.

Disposals

140

120

In 2025, the Company continued to pursue its commitment to develop production and marketing of sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) with the start-up of SAF production at its La Mède refinery (15,000 tons per year) and its Antwerp refinery (capacity of 50,000 tons of SAF by co-processing), and will complete, in the second half of 2026, the construction of the Grandpuits biorefinery with an annual production capacity of 230,000 tons of SAF.

$20/boe

100

CCS

80

In Nigeria, TotalEnergies finalized the sale of its non-operated interest in the Bonga field and signed an agreement to sell its oil interest in Renaissance (formerly SPDC). TotalEnergies also finalized the sale of its non-operated interest in the three Ekofisk satellite fields in Norway, in two unconventional blocks in Vaca Muerta in Argentina, and in Gato do Mato in Brazil.

60

40

TotalEnergies has taken the final investment decision for phase 2 of the Northern Lights project in Norway, which will increase the project's transport and storage capacity from 1.5 million to more than 5 million tons of CO 2 per year starting in 2028.

20

0

Project

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 (1)

1. Project approved by the joint venture, no blocking right for TotalEnergies. Percentage of the reference break-even point (30$/b).

[Page 35] A Resilient Portfolio

MERIT CURVE OF GLOBAL OIL PRODUCTION COST 1

Technical costs, $/b

T

decline in demand for Oil & Gas materialize faster than estimated as a result of stricter global environmental regulations and constraints and the resulting changes in consumer preferences.

2040

otalEnergies has strengthened the resilience of its portfolio through very active portfolio management in recent years: the Upstream portfolio has seen a 50% portfolio change since 2015, ensuring an oil reserves replacement ratio above 100% over 2015-2025.

STEPS 2.5°C CPS 2.9°C APS 1.7°C NZE 1.5°C

As shown on the merit order curve of production costs for 2040 opposite, compared to the demand expected under various IEA scenarios, TotalEnergies’ portfolio of Upstream Oil projects has an average technical cost that places it among the 50Mb/d lowest-cost at these horizons for its long plateau oil assets with low production costs.

Our portfolio has a low breakeven point, in line with the Company’s strategic objective of keeping it below $30/b (the Company’s organic cash breakeven before dividends is $26.4/b in 2025), which ensures the competitiveness of its resources. In particular, for its Upstream Oil & Gas assets in 2025, TotalEnergies has a production cost per barrel of $5/boe, the lowest among its peers (1) and its GHG emissions intensity (Scope1+2) has decreased to less than 16kgCO 2 e/boe in 2025 (2) .

Mb/d

Sensitivity to CO 2 , Oil and Gas prices TotalEnergies assesses the robustness of its portfolio, including new material investments, based on relevant scenarios and sensitivity tests.

0 60 120 100 80 40 20

Global oil demand, according to IEA scenarios

Furthermore, the life index of the Company's proved and probable Oil & Gas reserves is 18 years, and the discounted value of its Upstream Oil&Gas assets of more than 18 years represents less than 15% of their total value.

TotalEnergies - Long-plateau oil assets TotalEnergies - Oil portfolio average

Each material investment, including in the exploration, acquisition or development of Oil & Gas resources, as well as in other energies and technologies, is reviewed taking into account a Brent price scenario at $50/b and Henry Hub at $3/MBtu, i.e. prices lower than those of the IEA APS scenario deemed to be compatible with the objectives of the Paris Agreement; by doing so, every new investment enhances the resilience of the Company’s portfolio.

1. Source: Rystad, IEA WEO 2024 (APS) et 2025 (NZE, STEPS, CPS) scenarios.

Risks of stranded assets In June 2020, TotalEnergies determined that among its Upstream assets, only the Fort Hills and Surmont oil sands projects in Canada could be classified as stranded assets, meaning assets with reserves beyond 20 years and high production costs, whose overall reserves might therefore not be produced by 2050. TotalEnergies has sold these assets in 2023. This portfolio management approach allows TotalEnergies to mitigate the risk of stranded assets in the future if the risks of a structural

(1) Production costs ASC932. Peers: BP, Chevron, ExxonMobil, Shell. (2) Upstream oil and gas intensity is calculated excluding integrated LNG assets.

[Page 36] MBtu over the period 2027-2040. They then all converge towards the prices in the IEA’s NZE scenario in 2050.

Even though CO 2 pricing does not currently apply in all the countries where the Company operates, TotalEnergies includes as base case in its investment criteria a minimum CO 2 price of $100/t (or the prevailing price in a given country, if higher) and beyond 2031, the CO 2 price is increased by 2%/y.

Fénix: a low-emission offshore gas project - Argentina.

• Assuming a CO 2 price of $200/ton and an annual increase of 2% beyond 2031, i.e. an increase of $100/ton compared to the base case scenario, TotalEnergies estimates a negative impact of around 15% on the discounted present value of all its assets (Upstream and Downstream). In such a scenario, the value of Integrated Power's assets would increase due to higher electricity prices in Europe.

HIGHLIGHTS

Unconventional Oil & Gas

• Compared with the reference scenario used to evaluate investments (Brent at $50/b), TotalEnergies evaluated the impact on the present value of its assets (Upstream and Downstream) of using the NZE price scenario published by the IEA (1) in 2025. Such a scenario would reduce the present value of all of the Company’s assets (Upstream and Downstream) by around 10% compared to its reference scenario used to assess its investments.

Unconventional Oil & Gas are defined by the EIA (United States) (2) as hydrocarbons that are « produced by means that do not meet the criteria for conventional production » i.e. « by a well drilled into a geologic formation in which the reservoir and ﬂuid characteristics permit the oil and natural gas to readily ﬂow to the wellbore ».

According to the IEA (3) in 2025, unconventional oil and gas are defined as fuels trapped in impermeable rock, with key extraction methods including hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, or mining in the case of extra-heavy oil.

According to UNFC (4) , « examples include CBM, low permeability deposits such as tight gas (including shale gas) and tight oil (including shale oil), gas hydrates and natural bitumen ».

Impairment of Upstream assets In addition, to ensure robust accounting of its assets in the balance sheet, the Company calculates the impairment of its Upstream assets on the basis of an oil price trajectory that remains sustained at 70$ 25 /b until 2030, then decreases linearly to reach 50$ 25 /b in 2040, and then decreases from 2040 onwards to the price adopted in 2050 by the IEA’s NZE scenario, i.e. 25.7$ 25 /b.

(1) World Energy Outlook 2024, Table 2.3 Wholesale fossil fuel prices by scenario. (2) See the definition from the Energy Information Administration, a federal agency within

the U.S. Department of Energy. (3) See the definitions of Unconventional gas and Unconventional oil from the International

Energy Agency: Glossary - IEA. (4) See United Nations Framework Classification for Resources to Petroleum, « Supplementary

In 2025, these non-conventional hydrocarbons, essentially gas, accounted for 7% of our production and less than 5% of our consolidated turnover. In line with its integration strategy in the LNG chain, TotalEnergies continued its integration into the gas value chain in 2025 by acquiring assets in production in the Anadarko Basin. These assets display an emission intensity of approximately 6 kg CO 2 e/boe.

Gas prices retained in Europe and Asia decrease to 6.5$ 25 /MBtu and 7.5$ 25 /MBtu, respectively, in 2029/2030, before rising to 8$ 25 /MBtu and 9$ 25 /MBtu and stabilizing at these levels through 2040, i.e., at lower levels than current market prices; the Henry Hub remaining at 3$ 25 /

Specifications for the application of the United Nations Framework Classification for Resources to Petroleum », pages 8 et 22, points 9, 102, 103, 104.

[Page 37] 2025 Taxonomy: A Company in Transition

ELIGIBLE AND ALIGNED CAPEX 1

Proportional view 2

I

Eligible CapEx Aligned CapEx

In biofuels and chemicals: • activities related to the manufacturing of biofuels for transportation and certain petrochemical activities, including the production of biopolymers and the mechanical or chemical recycling of plastics.

34% 34%

30% 31%

27%

n accordance with European Union regulations, TotalEnergies publishes the share of eligible and aligned activities based on CapEx (1) indicator for the scope of the entities controlled by TotalEnergies, as well as a proportional view, proposed by the delegated regulation of July 6, 2021. This proportional view includes the contribution of jointly controlled companies and those over which TotalEnergies exercises significant inﬂuence, accounted for by using the equity method.

The Company’s other key eligible activities are: biogas production through anaerobic digestion of organic waste and activities related to carbon sinks (carbon capture and storage, nature-based carbon sink projects).

17%

2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020

Controlled Scope - Proportional view Given the size of the Company and its partnership-based development model across the integrated electricity value chain, the proportional view is more relevant than the controlled perimeter. Eligible or aligned CapEx represents 31% and 27% respectively of the Company’s investments in 2025 in the proportional view - confirming the momentum initiated since 2020.

Main eligible activities at TotalEnergies In electricity and renewables: • activities related to renewable energy (wind, solar and hydro-power), as well as battery manufacturing; • activities related to new energy infrastructure for low-carbon mobility (charge points for electric vehicles, hydrogen refuelling stations); • power generation from natural gas (portfolio of combinedcycle gas turbine power plants, CCGT).

1. CapEx refers to the taxonomy standard. A reconciliation table is provided in section 5.2.2.6 of the 2025 Universal Registration Document (URD). 2. Proportional view, in accordance with EU Delegated Act 2021/2178. A reconciliation table is provided in section 5.2.2.6 of the 2025 URD.

[Page 38] Our Energy Transition-Related Risks

EXTRACT FROM TOTALENERGIES’ RISK MAPPING

Following the recommendation of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.

T

he risks posed by climate change are included among the risks analyzed by the TotalEnergies Risk Management Committee (TRMC). TotalEnergies ranks its risks by nature and gravity.

Transition risks Physical risks

Policy and legal risks Technology risk Market risk Reputation risk Acute risk Chronic risk

In 2025, the TRMC updated its risk mapping and submitted the results to the Board of Directors in early 2026.

3 3 3

Pace of the energy transition deployment, evolution of the demand

Risk of legal action and regulatory developments 3

In the table on the left, TotalEnergies’ risks are positioned in correspondance with the generic risks identified as per the recommendation from the Taskforce on Climaterelated Financial Disclosure (TCFD). The TRMC also ensures the use of appropriate risk management tools. When necessary, complementary action plans can be established.

Financing of oil and gas reserves 3 3

3 3 3 3

Operational risks related to the effects of climate change and extreme events

3

Reputation risk

Skills management and transition of the Company 3 3

Audits are conducted to ensure that existing risk reduction and control measures are effective. Personnel from multiple disciplines, segments and businesses may collaborate in carrying out these action plans and audits. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors monitors the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems established by senior management, in light of identified risks and aiming at fulfilling TotalEnergies’ objectives.

[Page 39] Adapting to Physical Risks

OFFSHORE PORTFOLIO EXPOSURE TO CLIMATE-RELATED PHYSICAL RISKS (SSP5-8.5 SCENARIO 1 ) - BASED ON THE MOST PREVALENT PHYSICAL RISK

Results of the evaluation conducted in 2024 and revised in 2025 for our offshore assets. Bubble size is proportional to net book value.

20

EP South America

15

EP Africa

EP North America

10

Integrated Power

and the state of available scientific knowledge. The main acute risks selected cover precipitation, ﬂooding, drought, heat waves, cold, hail, strong winds, significant wave heights and wildfires. These include the main chronic risks which are temperature change, water stress and sea-level rise. Certain climate hazards have not been considered due to the nature and location of the Company’s assets (such as avalanches or glacial lakes outbursts), or to the unavailability of suitable climate risk assessment tools (as is the case for saline intrusion).

5

EP Oceania

EP Middle-East EP Asia

The results of the assessment reviewed in 2025 for our onshore and offshore assets for the SSP5-8.5 scenario are presented in the graphs opposite and on the following page.

0 0 10 20

30

40 50 60 70 80 90 100

Evolution of the physical risk level by 2050

EP Northern Europe

-5

Current physical risk level

For the selected offshore sites, strong winds and wave heights are the two most severe hazards for this type of asset. As shown in the graph opposite, the majority of our offshore portfolio, which includes the Exploration & Production asset groups in Africa, South America and the Middle East, is subject to a relatively low physical risk in the current climate, and also a limited potential change between now and 2050.

1 . SSP5-8.5 is a pessimistic scenario that assumes, among other things, high GHG emissions linked to heavy dependence on fossil fuels. According IPCC, the “best estimate” in global surface temperature change associated with SSP5-8.5 is +4.4°C [3.3-5.7°C] over 2081-2100. I

The climate scenario considered is a high emissions scenario: IPCC SSP5-8.5 (2) , as recommended by the European standard ESRS-E1, for which the global warming is estimated at 4.4°C by the end of the century.

(1) Operated and non-operated. (2) SSP5-8.5 is a pessimistic scenario that assumes, among other things, high GHG

n 2025, using a modeling tool provided by a thirdparty expert (Jupiter Intelligence), TotalEnergies reviewed the assessment carried out in 2024 of the potential impacts of the effects of climate change on around 300 (1) assets in its portfolio, including all operated industrial sites classified as Seveso (and their equivalents outside the European Union).

emissions linked to heavy dependence on fossil fuels. According IPCC, the “best estimate” in global surface temperature change associated with SSP5-8.5 is +4.4°C [3.35.7°C] over 2081-2100. (3) SSP2-4.5 is an intermediate scenario that assumes, among other things, the

continuation of current emissions until 2050, followed by a reduction. (4) SSP1-2.6 is an optimistic scenario involving strong reductions in GHG emissions, net

In addition, sensitivity tests were carried out for the SSP24.5 (3) and SSP1-2.6 (4) climate scenarios (for which global warming at the end of the century is 2.7°C and 1.8°C respectively). The climate hazards analyzed were selected for their relevance to the nature of the Company’s portfolio

The climate data used for this assessment are based on models from the IPCC’s 6th Assessment Report of 2021.

zero in 2080, compatible with the Paris agreement to limit global warming to below +2°C by 2100.

[Page 40] HIGHLIGHTS

ONSHORE PORTFOLIO EXPOSURE TO CLIMATE-RELATED PHYSICAL RISKS (SSP5-8.5 SCENARIO 1 ) - BASED ON THE MOST PREVALENT PHYSICAL RISK

Tyra redevelopment

Results of the evaluation conducted in 2024 and revised in 2025 for our onshore assets. Bubble size is proportional to the net book value.

• Discovered in 1968 and in production since 1984, the Tyra offshore field is Denmark's largest natural gas field.

20

EP Middle-East

15

EP Africa RC Asia RC North America

• Due to the natural subsidence of the field after nearly 40 years of continuous gas extraction, the seabed beneath the Tyra platforms has sunk by more than 5 meters. In 2017, the decision was made to rebuild and modernize the facilities to ensure continuity and safety of operations.

EP Asia

10

RC Middle-East

EP Southern Europe EP Oceania

RC Western Europe

• During the design phase, ocean developments such as projected increases in wave height were also incorporated, as it is the case for our offshore facilities.

5

• As a result, the platforms were raised by 13 meters.

EP North America

Integrated Power

GRP LNG

0 0 10 20

30

40 50 60 70 80 90 100

Evolution of the physical risk level by 2050

-5

Current physical risk level

1. SSP5-8.5 is a pessimistic scenario that assumes, among other things, high GHG emissions linked to heavy dependence on fossil fuels. According IPCC, the “best estimate” in global surface temperature change associated with SSP5-8.5 is +4.4°C [3.3-5.7°C] over 2081-2100.

America, including the Port-Arthur site, for which mitigation measures have been put in place.

Tyra West platform off the coast of Denmark.

Offshore assets in the Integrated Power segment, comprising wind farms, are subject to a higher current physical risk due to their location (North Atlantic and South China Sea), but a low potential risk evolution.

For most of the assets studied, we have identified limited potential evolution of physical risks linked to climate change between now and 2050.

The results of the study of physical risks at onshore sites are presented above. Today, our refineries and petrochemical plants are comparatively more at risk from climate change than assets in other sectors, due to their general dependence on water resources in waterstressed areas and their greater vulnerability to ﬂooding (as in the case of the Refining-Chemicals sites in North

Following an assessment of the exposure of our operating sites to climatic hazards, we carry out additional studies where necessary to ensure that the consequences do not affect the integrity of installations or the safety of people. We also take climate risk into account in the design of our facilities.

[Page 41] 3. TotalEnergies supports the implementation of carbon

public consultations on climate are public and may be viewed online.

successful energy transition requires closer collaboration between all the players involved.

pricing mechanisms. 4. TotalEnergies supports policies, initiatives and technologies

Advocacy and Sector Initiatives in Support of the Energy Transition A

aimed at promoting the development of renewable energies and sustainable bioenergies (biofuels, biogas) as well as energies and technologies aimed at decarbonizing industrial processes and transportation. 5. TotalEnergies promotes the role of natural gas as a

transition fuel, in particular as a replacement for coal. TotalEnergies supports policies aimed at measuring and reducing methane emissions aiming for zero methane emissions. 6. TotalEnergies supports the carbon offset mechanisms

Support for government action and climate sectorial initiatives and disclosures TotalEnergies supports the commitments made by governments to combat global warming as part of the Paris Agreement and publishes its positions on its corporate website (heading Sustainability). This section also groups together TotalEnergies’ positions and commitments in favour of human rights, the fight against corruption and the environment. TotalEnergies’ interest representation actions in France, Europe and the United States are listed by theme and by year, to promote complete transparency.

TotalEnergies published on its website in February 2026 a position expressing support for the implementation of the European Methane Emissions Regulation (EU MER) in a way that upholds energy security and affordability, while seeking further clarity on the compliance requirements for oil and gas importers. TotalEnergies encourages producing countries, through the membership of their national companies in the OGDC and/or the OGMP and/or other voluntary initiatives, to put in place frameworks and policies that support methane monitoring and emission reduction actions. TotalEnergies also calls for a pragmatic approach to establishing regulatory equivalence with countries that have such frameworks and policies.

necessary to achieve carbon neutrality, through organized and certified markets ensuring the quality and sustainability of carbon credits. TotalEnergies promotes a policy of reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

In 2024, TotalEnergies published a report presenting the detailed results of the associations review. It can be found on the Company's website.

Review of associations TotalEnergies is an active participant in both national and international business and industry associations. Since 2019, the Company has been publishing its six principles on its responsible commitment to climate change within industry associations.

During COP30, just as COP29, TotalEnergies’ CEO participated as CEO Champion in a round table of the Oil and Gas Decarbonization Charter (OGDC). This industry initiative - launched at COP28 - brings together 56 national and international Oil & Gas companies representing almost 40% of the world’s oil production. The signatories’ objectives are to eliminate routine ﬂaring by 2030, aim for near-zero upstream methane emissions by 2030, and to be Net Zero on Scope 1+2 operated emissions by 2050.

Every two years, TotalEnergies lists its memberships in industry associations and is assessing the six principles for a selection of them.

Our 6 key principles: 1. TotalEnergies recognizes the link established by science

between human activities, in particular the use of fossil fuels, and climate change. 2. TotalEnergies recognizes the Paris Agreement as a

In the first half of 2026, we will publish the results of this new review covering a selection of more than 100 associations in over 20 countries. From now on, an annual interim review will be carried out on the associations selected during the comprehensive listing every two years.

In Europe, TotalEnergies supports the “Fit for 55” package and specifically some of its key components, such as the broader use of carbon pricing, the large-scale expansion of renewable energies, deployment of infrastructure and the development of fuels and renewables for the transportation industry. TotalEnergies’ responses to the European Commission’s

major step forward in the fight against global warming and supports the initiatives of the implementing States to fulfill its aims.

[Page 42] MAIN COLLECTIVE INITIATIVES SUPPORTED BY TOTALENERGIES

Axes Name of the initiative Perimeter

ENERGY & CLIMATE • 3x Renewables Worldwide

• Oil and Gas Decarbonization Charter Worldwide

• OGMP 2.0 Worldwide

• Aiming For Zero Methane Worldwide

• Carbon Measures Worldwide

• Global Deal Worldwide

• Women’s Empowerment Principles - Equality Means Business (UNGP) Worldwide

ACTING FOR THE WELL-BEING OF EMPLOYEES

• Closing the gender gap - a call to action (WEF) Worldwide

• ILO Global Business and Disability Network Charter Worldwide

• The Valuable 500 Worldwide

• Manifesto for the inclusion of people with disabilities in economic life France

• Inclusion and Diversity Pledge (ERT) Europe

• Charter - Autre Cercle France

• Elles bougent France

• Act4Nature International Worldwide

CARING FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

• CEO Water Mandate Worldwide

• Circular economy commitment AFEP Worldwide

• UN Global Compact Ocean Stewardship Coalition Worldwide

• UNESCO - Ocean Decade (via Corporate Data Group) Worldwide

• The Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) Worldwide

Worldwide

HAVING A POSITIVE IMPACT FOR STAKEHOLDERS

• The United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights as endorsed by the UN Human Rights Council in 2011

• The United Nations Global Compact Principles Worldwide

• The B Team Responsible Tax Principles Worldwide

• Partnering Against Corruption Initiative (PACI) Worldwide

• Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) Worldwide

• Le Collectif des entreprises pour une économie plus inclusive France

[Page 43] Our Extra-financial Ratings

OUR EXTRA-FINANCIAL RATINGS

T

Ranking vs our peers (1) February 2026

2 nd

oday, TotalEnergies is recognized by the main extra-financial rating agencies as a benchmark in its sector for its strategy and actions in favor of the energy transition, its consideration of environmental issues, its requirements in terms of social responsibility, as well as its governance and high level of transparency.

A

(tie)

VBDO With a score of 69.2, TotalEnergies is ranked 5 ᵗʰ out of 30 companies in terms of biodiversity in the first Business & Biodiversity Benchmark of the VBDO coalition, published in november 2025. This score places TotalEnergies among the best of its peers. Notably, the quality of our biodiversity action plans is highlighted as a good practice example in the report accompanying the ranking.

Medium risk

1 rst

1 rst

Bl Prime

(tie)

In 2025, TotalEnergies maintained its presence in a number of extra-financial indices such as the FTSE4Good index, as well as the MSCI Europe Screened, MSCI World Screened, MSCI Europe Filtered and MSCI ACWI Select Screened indices.

(1) Peers: ExxonMobil, Shell, BP, Chevron, ENI, Equinor.

Ecovadis In the 2025 Sustainability Rating, TotalEnergies obtained Platinum status for TotalEnergies Électricité and Gas France SA (with a score of 87/100, placing it within the top 1% of the highest‑rated companies). TotalEnergies also received Gold status for its subsidiaries Hutchinson (84/100), Saft (82/100), TotalEnergies Marketing Services SAS (82/100) and TotalEnergies Raffinage Chimie SAS (81/100), placing them within the top 5% of the companies evaluated in this ranking.

Other evaluations Ranking conducted by the IEA, EDF (Environmental Defense Fund) and UNEP With a total of 21 points, TotalEnergies ranks among the top positions in the “Progress 2025: An Assessment of Transparency of the Oil and Gas Industry” ranking, which assesses the 116 largest global O&G companies on the basis of 25 indicators divided into 3 categories: i) Targets, ii) Strategies for implementation, iii) Disclosure & reporting. The average score is 9 points.

Britain’s Most Admired Companies In 2025, TotalEnergies received the Britain’s Most Admired Companies award in its category, based on non-financial criteria such as commitment to reducing environmental impact and diversity & inclusion.

WBA (World Benchmarking Alliance) In 2025, TotalEnergies obtained the highest score for the “Just Transition” theme, both in the overall ranking (out of nearly 2,000 companies) and within the oil & gas sector (where 94 companies were evaluated worldwide). TotalEnergies also obtained a good score for the “Social” theme, ranking 15th out of 2,000 companies evaluated.

[Page 44] Climate & Sustainable Energy

45 Climate Impact of Our Strategy: Our 2025 Progress and 2026-2030 Objectives 46 How TotalEnergies’ 2030 Objectives Compare to the IEA Scenarios

Reducing Our Emissions

47 Reducing Our Scope 1+2 Emissions by 2030 48 Improving the Energy Eﬃciency of Our Sites: Implementation of the 2023/2025 Action Plan 50 Decarbonizing our Operated Sites Through Low-Carbon

Electricity Supply and Electriﬁcation 51 Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions 54 Building Low-Carbon Hydrogen Supply for Our Reﬁneries in Europe by 2030 55 Actively Working with Our Partners on Non-operated Assets

Reducing Our Customers Emissions

57 Being a Partner in Our Customers’ Carbon Neutrality 59 Focus. TotalEnergies & Airbus Strategic Partnership 60 Focus. Accelerating the Decarbonization of Data Centers

Through Strategic Partnerships 61 Developing Electric Mobility 62 New Low-carbon Energy 63 What are the Relevant Indicators for Reducing GHG Emissions Worldwide? 64 Enabled Emissions Reductions ("Scope 4")

Solutions for residual emissions

65 Developing Carbon Capture and Storage to Reduce Our Emissions and Those of Our Customers 66 Oﬀsetting Residual Emissions with Nature-based Carbon Sinks 67 Innovating to Accelerate the Energy Transition La Perrière multi-energy park, Réunion - France. Maintenance operations on the Sorbon 2 wind farm in the Ardennes - France.

[Page 45] Climate Impact of Our Strategy: Our 2025 Progress and 2026-2030 Objectives

2025 2026

2030

Objectives

2015 2024 Objectives Realizations

vs 2015 - 36% - 38%

Oil&Gas Installations

Scope 1+2

46 29.4 28.4

CCGT 0 4.9 4.7

Emissions on operated activities (100%)

Mt CO 2 e

Scope 1+2 Emissions 46 34 < 37 33.1 < 34 25-30 1

> - 40% 1

Methane

vs 64 kt in 2020 - 55% - 60% - 65% - 70% - 80%

Emissions on operated activities (100%)

kt CH 4

29 22,5

Lifecycle Carbon intensity of energy products sold 2

73 - 16.5% > - 17% - 18.6% ~ - 19% - 25%

(Scope 1+2+3) g CO 2 e/MJ

Scope 3 (category 11)

410 3 342 < 400 335 < 400

Mt CO 2 e

1. Net emissions, including nature-based carbon sinks from 2030. 2. Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold. See Report’s glossary for further details. 3. In 2015, Scope 3 category 11 was published at 410 Mt CO 2 e. The Company keeps this reference to assess the evolution of its Scope 3. If the Scope 3 category 11 for 2015 had been recalculated according to the IPIECA value chain methodology (published in 2016) on the gas value chain, as introduced in data disclosures from 2021, then the Scope 3 category 11 of 2015 would have been 465 Mt CO 2 e, including 344 Mt CO 2 e for the oil value chain and 121 Mt CO 2 e for the gas value chain.

[Page 46] How TotalEnergies’ 2030 Objectives Compare to the IEA Scenarios

2015 2020 2025 2030 2035

10

NET SCOPE 1+2 EMISSIONS TOTALENERGIES OPERATED PERIMETER

CPS 2025 (2.9 °C)

R

0

STEPS 2025 (2.5 °C)

-10

World CO 2 emissions (all sectors) - IEA Scenarios (WEO 2024 and 2025 1 )

-20

In % relative to 2015

-30

APS 2024 (1.7 °C)

-40

-50

NZE 2025 (1.5 °C)

IEA – CO 2 emissions (Energy) Scope 1+2 gross emissions TotalEnergies (operated perimeter) TotalEnergies objectives (net emissions)

-60

2015 2020 2025 2030 2035

0

LIFECYCLE CARBON INTENSITY OF ENERGY PRODUCTS SOLD 2

educing GHG emissions of the operated facilities (Scope 1+2) is key to TotalEnergies’ ambition to supply more energy while curbing GHG emissions. The objective of cutting net Scope 1+2 emissions from our operated activities by 40% is consistent with the reduction targets of the European Union’s “Fit for 55” program (a 37% decrease between 2015 and 2030) and the IEA’s 2025 Net Zero Emissions (NZE) scenario (a 23% decrease between 2015 and 2030). TotalEnergies' targets for lowering the lifecycle carbon intensity (1) of energy products sold (around -19% by 2026 and -25% by 2030) put the Company on a trajectory close to the Announced Pledges Scenario (APS) in the IEA’s World Energy Outlook 2024, which assumes that the States parties to the Paris Agreement fulfill all their net zero objectives.

-10

IEA scenarios (WEO 2024 and 2025)

-20

CPS 2025 (2.9 °C)

In % relative to 2015

-30

STEPS 2025 (2.5 °C)

An independent third party (Wood Mackenzie) has audited the calculations made as well as the associated trajectories for Scope 1+2 emissions and Carbon Intensity (1) .

-40

At the end of 205, the NGO Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI) assessed the Company’s lifecycle carbon intensity (1)

APS 2024 (1.7 °C)

-50

trajectory (“Carbon Performance" (2) and considers it as aligned with a below 2°C scenario in 2050.

-60

AIE (WEO 2025) Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold – TotalEnergies TotalEnergies objectives

NZE 2025 (1.5 °C)

(1) Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary for the definition). (2) The evaluation of TotalEnergies by the Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI) is available on

1. Based on the IEA World Energy Outlook 2024 and 2025, License CC by 4.0. Worldwide CO 2 emissions from energy combustion and industrial processes. For TotalEnergies, emissions exclude the COVID effect in 2019, 2020 and 2021, and take into account nature-based carbon sinks projects from 2030. 2. Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to definitions in point 5.2.1.3 B. for more details) and evolution of the carbon intensity of world energy, calculated as the ratio of worldwide CO 2 emissions from fossil fuels (Mt CO 2 ) to total primary energy supply (EJ) in the IEA World Energy Outlook 2024 and 2025. The electricity production from renewable sources (wind, solar, hydro) included in these scenarios is reduced to the same fossil base, taking into account a substitution factor of 2.63 (38%) to make them comparable with the lifecycle carbon intensity of the energy products sold by TotalEnergies.

TPI's website.

[Page 47] Reducing Our Emissions

Reducing Our Emissions

Reducing Our Scope 1+2 Emissions by 2030

SCOPE 1+2 EMISSIONS FROM OPERATED FACILITIES

SCOPE 1+2 FROM OPERATED FACILITIES: LEVERS TO REACH OUR -40% TARGET IN 2030 1

Mt CO 2 e

Mt CO 2 e

Oil & Gas Assets

60

-38% vs 2015

46

Operated Assets -28% vs 2015 2030 net emissions

46

CCGT Portfolio

- 40%

vs 2015

<34 Mt CO 2 e New Target 2026

Energy eﬃciency

25-30

4.9 4.7

Flaring & Methane

Oil & Gas CCGT

Nature based solutions 2

Low-carbon electricity, Electriﬁcation, H 2

29.4 28.4

2015 2030

2015 2025 2024 2026 2030

1. Net of nature-based carbon sinks. 2. NBS credits will be used from 2030.

T

reduce GHG emissions from its operated assets and has set the target for 2025 at 37 Mt CO 2 e/year, compared with 38 Mt CO 2 e/year previously. This target was achieved in 2025 with 33.1 Mt CO 2 e/year, down 1.1 Mt CO 2 e/year compared to 2024. TotalEnergies has set itself a 2026 target of GHG emissions from its operated assets at 34 Mt CO 2 e/year.

he primary responsibility of TotalEnergies as a producer of fossil fuels is to reduce emissions on its facilities. In 2024, the Company launched the “Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change” initiative, which supports the commitment of all employees to improving energy efficiency and the use of low-carbon technologies in TotalEnergies’ operations.

At the same time, emissions related to ﬂexible power generation decreased by 0.2 Mt CO 2 e due to changes in the operated portfolio and lower utilization rates of CCGTs in the United States. As a result, the Company’s overall operated emissions have decreased by 28% compared with 2015. These ongoing reduction efforts have made it possible to reduce the Scope 1+2 intensity of the Upstream Oil & Gas operated assets, from 21 kg CO 2 e/boe in 2015 to less than 16 kg CO 2 e/boe in 2025 (2) . These results put TotalEnergies among the top performers of the industry when it comes to carbon intensity.

In support of the unchanged target of a 40% reduction in Scope 1+2 net emissions, the trajectory for the operated oil & gas segment suggests a 50% reduction in Scope 1+2 gross emissions in this sector by 2030.

TotalEnergies reaffirms its target to reduce emissions from its operated assets, which aims to reduce its net Scope 1+2 emissions (3) by 40% by 2030 relative to 2015, after mobilizing around 5 millions credits from nature-based carbon sinks projects. This offsetting will start only from 2030 for residual emissions on the basis of a consumption of approximately 10% per year of the stock of carbon credits of the Company.

Our progress in 2025 TotalEnergies is resolutely continuing to reduce emissions from its operated assets. Thus, within the scope of its oil and gas facilities (1) , emissions from assets operated by the Company fell by 38% compared to 2015 levels. In 2025, with more than 85 GHG emissions reduction projects coming to fruition, TotalEnergies reduced its emissions by 0.7 Mt of CO 2 e across its operated assets.

Our objectives Given the progress made towards achieving its interim targets in 2025, TotalEnergies stepped up its ambition to

(1) Oil and gas facilities (Upstream and Downstream) do not include CCGT. (2) Operated Oil & Gas Upstream intensity is calculated excluding LNG plants. (3) The calculation of net emissions includes nature-based carbon sinks projects as from 2030.

[Page 48] Reducing Our Emissions

Improving the Energy Eﬃciency of Our Sites: Implementation of the 2023/2025 Action Plan

“Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change” Lever 1. Energy Consumption

S

aving energy used in the Company's operations is beneficial in several ways: it contributes to the collective campaign for energy efficiency, and it helps to reduce TotalEnergies' GHG emissions and lowers its costs.

In my operations, I review all my energy consumptions and aim to minimize them. In my projects, I design installations to minimize energy consumptions.

In September 2022, TotalEnergies launched a plan to accelerate energy efficiency improvements at its sites worldwide.

Energy eﬃciency realizations The Refining & Chemicals sites achieved a total reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of more than 1 Mt CO 2 e over the 2023-2025 period thanks to the energy efficiency improvement plan. In 2025, the turnaround of the Antwerp refinery provided an opportunity to roll out seven projects representing an investment of around $40 million, enabling an annual reduction of around 50 kt CO₂e. The main areas for improvement focused on furnace optimization, preheater optimization, electrification and heat exchanger performance. These projects will permanently reduce the carbon footprint of the Antwerp site.

This plan has enabled the Company to accelerate the actions undertaken for several years in its operating sectors, with a total of more than 140 projects completed by 2025, including more than 100 initiatives for Exploration & Production, more than 40 for Refining & Chemicals and more than 5 for Marketing & Services and Integrated Power.

First energy eﬃciency improvement plan, of more than 1 G$

Also in 2025, during the turnaround of the steam cracker at the Normandy refinery, energy efficiency improvement projects resulted in an annual reduction of approximately 35 ktCO 2 e/year, mainly through the implementation of new technologies to optimize furnaces and heat exchange equipment.

At the end of 2025, these investments amount to more than $1 billion, as planned in this initial energy efficiency improvement plan: they have reduced emissions by more than 2 Mt CO 2 e/year and realized energy and CO 2 savings of $200 million/year following the investment plan carried out over the 2023-2025 period.

Reduction of more than 2 Mt CO 2 e/y

Taking into account the efficiency projects reported by the teams at the industrial sites, a second energy efficiency improvement plan is rolled out over the period 2026-2028, for a total of $1 billion.

Operational excellence In Exploration & Production, on Block 17 in Angola, the installation of mobile filtration units to keep the lubricating oil for rotating equipment clean improves reliability and reduces burning by minimizing downtime. Cleaner oil prevents premature wear and failure, ensuring continuous compressor operation and avoiding production interruptions that typically lead to burnout. This approach not only supports environmental performance with a reduction of 13 kt CO 2 e/year, but also improves operational efficiency by extending equipment life and reducing maintenance costs.

Energy and CO 2 savings up to 200 M$/y

[Page 49] Reducing Our Emissions

HIGHLIGHTS

Germany

In 2025, the Netherlands subsidiary of Exploration & Production optimized the export compression system at the K5CC field by replacing two low-pressure compressors with a single compressor while maintaining identical or even better production profiles. Following the implementation of this project in June 2025, only two export compressors and turbines are required instead of three, resulting in savings of around 5 million m³ of gas per year, equivalent to the consumption of more than 5,000 Dutch households. This represents approximately 13% of the gas consumption of the K5CC field and contributes to a reduction of ~10 kt CO 2 e per year.

In Marketing & Services, the Brunsbüttel site in Germany—an industrial facility that processes crude oil to produce bitumen—has rolled out a comprehensive plan to reduce its energy consumption, notably by recovering waste heat from the distillation process (at 360°C). This heat is now used to preheat crude oil and produce steam. The entire process has been reviewed to reduce energy losses: reduction of steam losses, insulation of bitumen storage tanks and lowering of their temperature in consultation with customers. Furnace combustion has also been optimized with CO (carbon monoxide) sensors, resulting in energy savings of 4%. Energy consumption per ton of crude oil has decreased by 20% over the last ten years, and Scope 1+2 emissions have been reduced by 33% compared to 2015, representing a reduction of 16 ktCO 2 e per year.

Adapting the design of the facilities In Exploration & Production, by 2025, GHG emissions linked to gas compression at the Aguada Pichana Este plant in Argentina were significantly reduced thanks to better use of the reservoirs' high natural pressure. This operational improvement led to an annual reduction in direct emissions from the plant of around 65 kt CO 2 e.

Air preheater for furnace 2F4 at the Normandy steam cracker platform - France.

Brunsbüttel site - Germany.

In the combined cycle power plants (CCGT) of the Integrated Power segment, the reduction in GHG emissions is based in particular on improving energy efficiency and turbine performance. In 2025, train 8 of the Saint-Avold power plant was modernized with the installation of an ATEP (Advanced Turbine Efficiency Package). This performance upgrade involves replacing key turbine parts with more efficient components (more resistant materials, better aerodynamics, improved cooling, and reinforced sealing). These modifications aim to increase efficiency, reduce gas consumption, and thus decrease CO₂ emissions through improved combined cycle efficiency.

[Page 50] Reducing Our Emissions

Decarbonizing our Operated Sites Through Low-Carbon Electricity Supply and Electriﬁcation

This action to supply low-carbon electricity illustrates our "Lever 2 for a Sustainable Change" which aims to use low-carbon technologies in our own operations and will enable a reduction in emissions of more than 2 Mt CO 2 e/ year on the Refining & Chemicals segment’s Scope 2 compared with 2015.

turbines that generate electricity. To connect the site to the solar power plant, a 6 kV electrical cable with a length of approximately 1 km has been installed. The energy generated by this solar power plant reduces the fuel gas consumed by the gas turbines, thereby cutting emissions by around 13 kt CO 2 e/year.

New TotalEnergies solar farm (14 MW) for the EP-Neuquén asset - Argentina.

L

In the Integrated Power segment, as part of a multi-year program, the Bayet CCGT plant has installed photovoltaic panels on the roofs of buildings, on the ground, and on parking shade structures to produce electricity for selfconsumption. This initiative aims to improve the efficiency of the facility by reducing the power demand of auxiliary equipment when the plant is in operation. It also aims to limit the site's electricity consumption during periods when the unit is shut down.

In Argentina, at Exploration & Production, to meet the electricity demand of the Rio Cullen and Cañadon Alfa onshore sites, TotalEnergies designed a hybrid power generation system, including an 8.4 MW wind farm coupled with 9.2 MWh of batteries, along with an increase in electricity transmission capacity between Cañadon Alfa and Rio Cullen. This project, which takes advantage of the region's wind potential, was commissioned in January 2026 and is expected to reduce emissions by 36 ktCO₂e per year by lowering fuel gas consumption to power the site.

ow-carbon electricity supply In Refining & Chemicals, TotalEnergies’ ambition is to provide its facilities in Europe and the United States with 100% low-carbon electricity thanks to its Go Green initiative.

In this respect, up to 5.2 TWh/year will be supplied to the Refining & Chemicals industrial assets in Europe. This electricity will come partly from the European renewables portfolio, of which 1.8 TWh/year is in operation and 3.4 TWh/year is under development, as well as from the Company's portfolio of guarantees of origin.

At the Neuquén asset, the Aguada Pichana Este plant was connected to the national electricity grid through the implementation of a large-scale electrification project comprising a 132 kV substation and a 43 km transmission line. A 14 MW solar power plant was built and, to manage intermittency, a long-term power purchase agreement was signed to supply mainly renewable energy (80 to 100%). This project reduces fuel gas consumption and ﬂaring, while increasing availability and reducing emissions at the site by ~46 kt CO₂e/year.

In the United States, around 1.2 TWh/year will be supplied to the Refining & Chemicals assets from the renewables portfolio in Texas. The Danish and Myrtle assets, which are already in service, will supply around 1 TWh/year.

Electriﬁcation of facilities Between 2023 and 2025, the Marketing & Services segment carried out several electrification projects, including the electrification of refueling trucks for the aviation sector in France and the Beverwijk project in the Netherlands. At the Beverwijk lubricants plant, the process—initially based on a boiler providing heat from the combustion of natural gas—now uses an induction system powered by renewable electricity. Since the completion of this project in 2024, greenhouse gas emissions per ton of lubricant produced have fallen from 38 kg CO 2 e/ton of lubricant to 1.6 kg CO 2 e/ton, and energy consumption has fallen from 200 kWh/t to 120 kWh/t.

Also in Exploration & Production, in Nigeria, the OML 58 site has installed a solar power plant combined with batteries to reduce the energy required by the gas

The supplement will be provided from the Company's portfolio of renewable projects in the United States starting in 2026.

[Page 51] Reducing Our Emissions

Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions

METHANE EMISSIONS OPERATED

120

kt CH 4

Achieved

-47% vs 2010

Fugitives, combustion Flaring Venting Methane intensity

0.15%

has set a new target of -70% in 2026 and is on track to achieve its goal of an 80% reduction by 2030 or sooner, compared to 2020. In terms of methane intensity from operated oil and gas production, TotalEnergies reached 0.07% in 2025, thereby already achieving its 2030 target of falling below the 0.1% threshold (3) .

0.13%

Achieved

64

0.11% 0.11% 0.10%

-65% vs 2020

0.07%

42 49

Target

29 34

-80% vs 2020

22.5

Pioneers in methane emissions detection and measurement In 2022, TotalEnergies deployed AUSEA (4) drone technology at its upstream sites, complementing the annual leak detection and repair (LDAR) campaigns. Mounted on a drone, the ultra-lightweight dual sensor simultaneously detects methane and CO₂ with high accuracy and is now considered an international benchmark technology and one of the best drone technologies for methane detection (5) .

2030 2026 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2010

W

The oil and gas sector has the technologies, technical expertise and operational capabilities to act quickly on methane emissions from its operations. TotalEnergies believes that it is the sector's responsibility to reduce its methane emissions to near zero by 2030 and intends to maintain its leadership role in the industry on methane.

All of the Company's upstream sites are currently subject to an AUSEA detection campaign at least once a year, and TotalEnergies has shared this technology with several industry partners (including Petrobras, Socar, Sonangol, NNPC, ONGC, Oil India), and more recently in 2025 with Veolia in the waste and wastewater treatment sector. In 2025, 560 days of AUSEA operations were carried out on TotalEnergies' operated assets, nearly 100 on nonoperated assets, and nearly 50 on third-party assets.

(1) Around a dozen years, compared to several hundred years for CO 2 . Global warming

potential of around 30 over 100 years (source: IPCC AR6) (2) Refer to Global Methane Pledge official text (3) Methane intensity: report to glossary (4) Airborne Ultralight Spectrometer for Environmental Application (5) Stanford & IMEO study: Controlled release testing of multiple European methane

Progress since 2010 Between 2010 and 2020, TotalEnergies reduced methane emissions from its operated assets by nearly half. These emissions then fell from 64 kt CH 4 in 2020 to 22.5 kt CH 4 in 2025, a reduction of 65%, exceeding the target of a 60% reduction between 2020 and 2025. TotalEnergies

ith a warming potential 30 times greater than CO 2 and a short lifespan in the atmosphere (1) , methane is a greenhouse gas whose rapid reduction is considered one of the most effective levers for having a shortterm impact on global warming. The Global Methane Pledge, launched at COP26 and signed by more than 150 countries, aims to reduce methane emissions by 30% across all sectors (agriculture, waste, energy) by 2030 compared to 2020, and experts estimate that a reduction of this magnitude would have an impact of -0.2°C on the global average temperature by 2050 (2) .

measurement technologies

[Page 52] Reducing Our Emissions

DEPLOYED WORLDWIDE - AUSEA TM

Days of mission/y

800

Third-party assets

600

Non-operated assets

of routine ﬂaring on the OML100 offshore block became effective in 2023. This was the last TotalEnergies asset in Nigeria with routine ﬂaring by design (initial design, facilities commissioned in 1993). Significant modifications were made to the facilities to send the gas produced to the Bonny LNG plant for upgrading instead of being ﬂared. The total reduction in greenhouse gas emissions is around 330 kt CO 2 e/year, including 1.3 kt CH 4 /year of methane.

400

The technologies used at TotalEnergies' operating sites have been tested and validated in advance on the internal TADI (TotalEnergies Anomalies Detection Initiative) platform, located in Lacq, which is one of two testing platforms in the world along METEC (2) at Colorado State University in the United States. In April 2025, TADI and METEC copublished (3) an international protocol for evaluating methane detection and quantification technologies, illustrating the Company's commitment to promoting international collaboration for the harmonized evaluation of methane emission measurement and detection technologies.

Operated assets

200

0

2025 2024 2023 2022

Reduction actions by methane emission sources TotalEnergies has long been committed to reducing its methane emissions by taking specific actions on each of the four sources: ﬂaring, vents, stationary combustion and continuous real-time detection to identify any fugitive emissions.

In Congo, at the Moho site, the elimination of routine ﬂaring reached its final phase in 2025 with the recirculation of low-pressure ﬂare gas to the process and the recommissioning of the low-pressure gas compressor. These measures have made it possible to permanently eliminate routine ﬂaring on the Alima FPSO at Moho Bilondo and reduce emissions from the site by ~8 kt CO 2 e/year. The gas previously ﬂared – a volume of around 7,000 m 3 /day – is now used as lift gas in wells or exported to the Nkossa asset.

Actions on ﬂaring During flaring, gas combustion at the ﬂare is incomplete, and around 2% of the gas sent to the ﬂare is not burnt, the rest (98%) being transformed into CO 2 after combustion. The actions to reduce ﬂaring described below therefore directly reduce methane emissions.

In 2025, as announced at COP29, TotalEnergies took a new step forward in identifying methane emissions in real time, whether related to leaks or sub-optimal operational processes, and in immediately implementing corrective measures. This continuous detection plan relies on 13,000 sensors deployed across all operated Upstream assets and uses proven technologies such as IoT sensors (1) , infrared cameras, ﬂow meters, and predictive emission monitoring systems placed at combustion sources.

TotalEnergies is also seeking to reduce other forms of ﬂaring. In Gabon, at the Anguille and Torpille assets, the safety ﬂaring system has been improved with the installation of a new ﬂare tip with a ﬂame stabilizer, an automatic ignition system, and a camera. The volume of gas ﬂared has been significantly reduced, resulting in a reduction of 3.2 kt CH 4 /year in methane emissions, or 100 kt CO 2 e/year.

In 2025, a Methane Tracking Center (MTC) was set up in Pau to centralize and consolidate data from various detection means worldwide, whether periodic or continuous and in real time. Using digital tools and the expertise of a team of around ten experts, the MTC analyzes data, alerts operators, and provides support when needed.

Eliminating routine ﬂaring is a priority for reducing methane and CO 2 emissions. TotalEnergies has been committed to eliminating routine ﬂaring for new projects since 2000. A founding member of the World Bank’s “Zero Routine Flaring by 2030” initiative since 2014, the Company is committed to ending this type of ﬂaring by 2030 and to achieve this goal, has implemented several large-scale projects at its sites.

(1) Internet of Things (2) Methane Emissions Technology Evaluation Center (3) Controlled Test Protocol Version – Emission Detection and Quantification Protocol

In Nigeria, the OML100 asset accounted for 57% of global routine Exploration & Production ﬂaring in 2020. The end

In Denmark, ﬂaring has been reduced at the Gorm site thanks to the installation of an ejector to recover gas from the low-pressure separator that would normally be ﬂared. The commissioning of this ejector in April 2025 also led to a slight increase in gas production thanks to the reduction in pressure in the low-pressure separator. This project reduces methane emissions by 0.2 kt CH 4 , or 6 kt CO 2 e.

Version 1.2 April 2025

[Page 53] Reducing Our Emissions

Actions on incomplete combustion on certain equipment Certain equipment running on natural gas (engines, furnaces, turbines) also emit methane through incomplete combustion. In Argentina, at the Neuquen site, connecting the Aguada Pichana Este plant to the national power grid through the construction of a 43 km power line and a highvoltage substation made it possible to stop local electricity production from gas-powered engines and thus to eliminate methane emissions from this equipment.

Maintaining our leadership within the industry Over the years, TotalEnergies has acquired robust knowhow and significant technical expertise in reducing methane emissions. TotalEnergies has successfully developed and deployed innovative technologies for detecting and measuring methane emissions.

gas export system or to the ﬂare. Some equipment – such as pneumatic actuators – also use methane as an instrumentation gas, and the replacement of this equipment with solutions using compressed air instead of methane has allowed to significantly reduce venting.

TotalEnergies strives to deploy this know-how and these technologies at its non-operated assets, as well as with its partners and other companies in the oil and gas sector, notably through the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter.

In the United States, at the Barnett site, instrument gas has been replaced by compressed air on 400 pads between 2021 and 2024, reducing emissions by 7.5 kt CH 4 /year, or 225 kt CO 2 e/year. Currently, nearly half of the natural gas that was previously used in equipment is recovered and exported.

TotalEnergies is also launching projects to modify facilities with closed ﬂares. Closed ﬂare systems recover and treat residual gases, reducing the volume of ﬂared gas to emergency situations only. In 2024, the first closed ﬂare was installed at the Tempa Rossa site in Italy, resulting in a reduction of 1.3 kt CH 4 , or 40 kt CO 2 e. These residual gas recovery systems are now installed in all new projects, such as the Egina FPSO in Nigeria when it came on stream. Beyond actions taken on each of these sources, all new projects include strict design criteria to avoid methane emissions: no natural gas for pneumatic equipment, no continuous cold vents and systematic installation of closed ﬂares.

TotalEnergies also promotes the OGMP 2.0 ( Oil & Gas Methane Partnership ), the reference framework created in 2020 and piloted by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) for methane reporting in the oil and gas sector. This framework encourages companies to continue improving the completeness and accuracy of their emissions reporting, for both operated and nonoperated perimeters, in order to focus on reducing the most significant emissions. To date, more than 150 companies are members across the value chain. TotalEnergies has been awarded Gold Standard OGMP 2.0 certification in 2025 for the fifth consecutive year (1) .

Actions on vents Venting is the release of methane into the atmosphere without combustion. TotalEnergies has reduced its vents since 2020 by rerouting the gas going to the vents to the

Another source of venting is the cover gas in storage tanks, which can be combustible gas, ensuring the safety of the facility by maintaining pressure in the storage tanks. In December 2024, in Nigeria, the combustible gas used as cover gas was replaced by an inert gas, nitrogen, resulting in a reduction from 5.2 kt CH 4 /year to 0.35 kt CH 4 /year, equivalent to a decrease of 150 kt CO 2 e/year.

(1) Refer to the UNEP report "An Eye on Methane: 2025 Report".

[Page 54] Reducing Our Emissions

subject of long-term tolling agreements signed with Air Liquide to reduce the carbon footprint of its sites in Antwerp and Normandy.

Building Low-Carbon Hydrogen Supply for Our Reﬁneries in Europe by 2030 T

o reduce the carbon footprint associated with the production, transformation and supply of energy to its customers, one of the levers identified by the Company is the use of low-carbon hydrogen to decarbonize its European refineries, which would reduce their direct CO 2 emissions by up to three million tons a year by 2030.

Renewable hydrogen production in TotalEnergies' bioreﬁneries In La Mède, a 25 kt/year unit is under construction and will be operated by Air Liquide. The €150 million investment will reduce emissions by 130 kt CO₂e/year as from 2028. In Grandpuits, Air Liquide is building a unit with a capacity of around 20 kt/year, equipped with Cryocap™ technology, enabling to avoid 150 kt CO₂e/year.

In Antwerp, Air Liquide will dedicate 130 MW of a new electrolyzer to the production of 15 kt/year of green hydrogen. TotalEnergies will supply renewable electricity from the OranjeWind project. In 2025, the final agreements were signed and the project reached its final investment decision.

In September 2023, TotalEnergies launched a call for tenders to use up to 500 kt/year of low-carbon hydrogen in its European refineries from 2030.

In Gonfreville, Air Liquide will dedicate 100 MW of a new electrolyzer to the production of 15 kt/year of green and lowcarbon hydrogen. The first volumes are expected in 2026.

The call for tenders generated considerable interest within the industry, attracting a wide range of local and international players. In this context, TotalEnergies has already contracted for more than 200 kt/year of low-carbon hydrogen. These volumes are intended for the La Mède, Grandpuits and Normandy sites in France, as well as those in Leuna, Germany; Antwerp, Belgium; and Zeeland, the Netherlands.

Green hydrogen production by TotalEnergies and its partners In 2024, TotalEnergies acquired 50% of the OranjeWind offshore wind farm (795 MW) in the Netherlands. Together with Air Liquide, a joint venture will develop a 250 MW electrolyzer at the Zeeland refinery site, producing up to 30 kt/year of green hydrogen from 2029. The investment amounts to €600 million and will reduce CO₂e by up to 300 kt/year. The project entered the engineering and design phase in 2025 and is targeting a final investment decision in 2026.

Long-term green hydrogen supply contracts In 2024, TotalEnergies and Air Products signed a 15-year contract for 70 kt/year of green hydrogen starting in 2030, produced from green ammonia, enabling TotalEnergies to reduce its emissions in Europe by up to 700 kt CO₂e/ year. In Germany, an agreement signed in 2023 with VNG provides for the supply of approximately 4 kt/year from a 30 MW electrolyzer, enabling us to reduce our emissions by up to 80 kt CO₂e/year by 2030. The first volumes of green hydrogen are expected in 2026.

In France, the Masshylia project, led with Engie, plans an initial 20 MW phase in 2029 to reduce the carbon footprint of La Mède and the Fos-Berre area. In 2025, TotalEnergies and Engie created the “Masshylia Hydrogen” joint venture to develop the project. In the same year, the project obtained grants under the European IPCEI (1) programme.

However, achieving this ambition of using up to 500 kt/year of low-carbon hydrogen in its European refineries from 2030 onwards depends on the implementation of national tax and regulatory frameworks that effectively support the reduction of the carbon footprint. TotalEnergies is rolling out four types of projects: • renewable hydrogen production in TotalEnergies biorefineries; • green hydrogen production by TotalEnergies and its partners; • tolling agreements; • long-term green hydrogen supply contracts

An agreement signed in 2025 with RWE covers 30 kt/year of hydrogen produced by a 300 MW electrolyzer in Lingen, delivered by pipeline in Germany, enabling us to avoid 300 kt CO₂e/year of our emissions from 2030 onwards. TotalEnergies is actively contributing to the development of the H2 pipeline infrastructure in Germany.

Tolling agreements TotalEnergies will supply renewable electricity to dedicated electrolysis capacities, operated by partners, which will in turn produce green hydrogen. This model has been the

(1) IPCEI Important Project of Common European Interest

The first volumes of low-carbon hydrogen are expected in 2026.

[Page 55] Reducing Our Emissions

Actively Working with Our Partners on Non-operated Assets

TotalEnergies industry leader through the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter

T

otalEnergies’ Scope 1+2 emissions based on equity share from sites operated by its partners in 2025 represent 24 Mt CO 2 e, of which 11 Mt CO 2 e are included in Scope 1+2 of the ESRS (1)

perimeter. TotalEnergies is working to mobilize its partners to reduce emissions from the assets they operate.

2025 - OGDC CEO meeting at ADIPEC.

At Exploration & Production, a dedicated team is tasked with sharing best practices with partners at non-operated assets, such as deploying an emission reduction roadmap that includes an energy assessment, reduction of methane venting and routine ﬂaring, and improving energy efficiency, particularly for gas turbines and compressors. The projects conducted at the Company’s operated sites are used to illustrate ways its partners can reduce their Scope 1+2 emissions and encourage uptake.

At COP28, a major initiative between national and international companies was launched to reduce the industry’s GHG emissions: the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter (OGDC). Through this initiative – which for the first time brings together international oil companies (IOCs) and national oil companies (NOCs) – the companies are committed to achieving net-zero operations by 2050, aiming for near-zero upstream methane emissions and eliminating routine ﬂaring by 2030, as well as measuring and reporting progress towards these goals. Dr. Sultan Al Jaber, CEO of ADNOC and former President of COP28, is the driving force behind this initiative, which is being led by two other CEO Champions: Amin Nasser, CEO of Aramco, and Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO of TotalEnergies.

In addition to the existing collaboration with its partners on each of its non-operated assets, TotalEnergies has been a very active contributor to the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter (OGDC) initiative since its creation at the end of 2023.

(1) Scope 1+2 GHG emissions within the ESRS scope correspond to 100% of emissions

More than 80% (2) of TotalEnergies’ non-operated production is operated by partners who are members of initiatives of which the Company is an active member (OGDC and OGMP 2.0). The vast majority of its partners are therefore committed to reducing methane emissions and eliminating routine ﬂaring by 2030.

from operated sites, plus the equity share of emissions from non-operated assets that are financially consolidated, excluding equity-accounted companies. Scope 1+2 emissions from non-operated and non-financially consolidated assets, on an equity basis, are reported in Scope 3 category 15. (2) Based on 2025 SEC production from all non-operated assets and membership as of end

This initiative now brings together 56 companies representing nearly 40% of global oil and gas production. On November 14, 2025, during COP30 in Belém, the OGDC published its second report, entitled Implementing Action , which highlights rapid progress and sustained momentum. Two years after its launch, the OGDC has established itself as a multilateral platform for action aimed at accelerating the decarbonization of the oil and gas industry, a key sector of the global economy.

2025. For the purpose of this calculation, ADNOC-led operating companies in the UAE are considered OGDC members, given ADNOC is championing OGDC; also when the operator is a joint-venture that is not directly an OGDC or OGMP 2.0 member, it is treated as OGDC member if 100% of its partners are OGDC members, and as OGMP 2.0 member if 100% of its partners are OGMP 2.0 members.

[Page 56] Reducing Our Emissions

HIGHLIGHTS

$100 million committed to Climate Investment

During COP30, TotalEnergies announced a $100 million commitment to Climate Investment’s Venture Strategy fund, which backs technologies that cut emissions across the oil and gas value chain.. Climate Investment is now a Partner of the Oil & Gas Decarbonization Charter (OGDC) under a MoU signed on July 14, 2025. As such, Climate Investment will provide OGDC signatories with insights that can help them on their decarbonization path, within the scope of the OGDC Charter.

In 2025, for the first time, signatories reported emissions calculated according to the OGCI reporting framework, paving the way for consistent reporting among the 56 signatories. This second report highlights that ambitions are being translated into action: 42 signatories, covering 94% of OGDC production, have set ambitions to reduce Scope 1+2 emissions by 2030, and 36 of them have formalized corresponding action plans. This reﬂects tangible progress since the “Baseline Report 2024,” with six more companies setting targets and seven new companies developing action plans for methane and ﬂaring.

Brazil: Reduction of CO 2 emissions from the Mero FPSO

2025 - OGDC CEO meeting at ADIPEC.

TotalEnergies actively promotes and supports its partners on non-operated assets to reduce their emissions, particularly through initiatives to optimize processes and improve energy efficiency.

80%

Skills development remains central to the OGDC's progress. Peer exchanges, regional partnerships, and technical workshops have helped to build capacity, while work with the OGCI, the United Nations Environment Programme, the World Bank, and many other partners is helping to scale up concrete solutions tailored to the sector. At the company level, the OGDC helps to set up targeted and specific training programs. More than 2,000 professionals from 50 companies have already taken these courses through the “Collaborate & Share” initiative, ten times more than last year.

For FPSOs 2, 3, and 4 in the Mero field, TotalEnergies and Petrobras teams worked together from the design phase and identified an effective solution to reduce fuel consumption and therefore the project's emissions: increasing the pressure of the first stage of the separation unit to 65 bar instead of the usual 20 bar so that most of the gas ﬂows directly to the dehydration unit without requiring another significant compression stage.

of TotalEnergies' non-operated production is operated by partners who are members of initiatives in which the Company is an active member (OGDC and OGMP 2.0). 56

The feasibility of this concept was thoroughly evaluated through multiple simulations and scenario analyses, confirming the robustness and reliability of the chosen design. This decision has already brought tangible benefits, including: • a 14% reduction in fuel gas consumption for FPSOs Mero 2 and 3, compared to FPSO Mero 1. The Mero 4 FPSO, which is still in the ramp-up phase, will deliver the same performance as FPSOs 2 and 3 • a reduction of approximately 100 kt CO 2 e per year for each FPSO.

companies representing nearly 40% of global oil and gas production 36

signatories have formalized action plans

[Page 57] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

Reducing Our Customers Emissions

Being a Partner in Our Customers’ Carbon Neutrality

LIFECYCLE CARBON INTENSITY 1 OF ENERGY PRODUCTS SOLD

Base 100 in 2015

T

100

-25%

-16.5% -18.6%

75

50

25

0

2015 2030 2025 2024

he Company is ambitious in its targets for direct emissions (Scope 1+2), which it controls in facilities it is operating. It is also ambitious in helping its customers reduce their emissions through its multi-energy strategy, by making a wider range of energies available to customers, including low-carbon energies. Indeed, by offering its clients an increasingly decarbonized portfolio, TotalEnergies contributes to the energy transition and helps its clients reduce their emissions. It tracks progress through the lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (1) – the decarbonization index of its sales – for which it has reduction targets for 2026 and 2030.

1. Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary for the definition).

LEVERS FOR REDUCING THE LIFECYCLE CARBON INTENSITY 1 OF ENERGY PRODUCTS SOLD (2015-2030)

100

TotalEnergies has been leading among its peers in terms of actually reducing the carbon footprint of the energy products sales mix since 2015. In 2025, it maintained its progress by notching a 18.6% reduction in the lifecycle carbon intensity (1) of its energy products compared to 2015 and sets a new goal of ~-19% for 2026.

75

2015 Baseline 2030 Objective CCS as a service Produce and sell electricity Low-carbon molecules 2 Shift to Gas Reduce portfolio’s Scope 1+2 emissions

1. Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary for the definition). 2. Biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e-fuels/e-gas.

(1) Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary for the definition).

[Page 58] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

HIGHLIGHTS

“Driving Decarbonization Together” Day

LARGE COMPANIES 37

industries supported in their decarbonization roadmap

By 2030, the Company’s two-pillar balanced transition strategy aims to result in a sales mix of energy products in view of a final use characterized by a life-cycle carbon intensity (i) reduced by 25%, which means: • for an equivalent quantity of energy, the carbon content of energy products would be reduced by 25% (“less emissions for same energy”); • for an equivalent quantity of emissions (Scope 1+2+3), the Company would supply 33% more energy to its customers (“more energy for same emissions”).

In November 2025, TotalEnergies, through its OneB2B Solutions division, organized its “Driving Decarbonization Together” Day. This initiative aimed at gathering the trajectories and expectations of Global Key Accounts in order to design, together with them and fifteen of our business units, tailored multi-energy offers. Several major customers participated in this event, demonstrating the approach adopted by the Company in supporting its B2B customers: prioritizing exchange and co-construction to meet the challenges of the energy transition.

Growth in electricity shall drive around 70% of the reduction in TotalEnergies’ lifecycle carbon intensity (1)

More than 450

companies supported in their energy transition 700

between 2015 and 2030. Lower emissions from the Company’s facilities shall contribute to 20% of the intensity (1) reduction. The other reduction factors of the lifecycle carbon intensity (1) shall be the reduction in sales of petroleum products coupled with an increase in gas production (particularly LNG) and sales of products derived from biomass.

Nine major players, each representing a different sector of activity, shared their vision, operational constraints, and specific expectations with regard to the energy transition. Despite the diversity of the sectors represented, all expressed the same ambition: to reduce the carbon footprint of their activities. Feedback from the field, the difficulties encountered, and the innovations presented by customers are all levers for perfecting the low-carbon solutions offered by TotalEnergies. More than just a meeting, this day illustrated the conviction that decarbonization is a collective challenge that must be built over time, through dialogue and cooperation between all stakeholders.

Accelerating decarbonization in key industrial sectors

potential projects worldwide 140 TWh

Established in 2022, TotalEnergies OneB2B Solutions assists large companies across 37 industries in fulfilling their emissions reduction roadmaps and offers low-carbon solutions tailored to their needs from various segments of the Company, such as renewable electricity, BESS solutions, biogas, biofuels, truck charging solutions, and CCS.

cumulative low-carbon energy contracted for 2030

In 2025, more than 450 large companies are accompanied in their transition through partnership covering 700 potential projects worldwide. To date, cumulatively, about 140TWh of low-carbon energy sales have been committed in 2030 to these industries.

In 2025, the decarbonization momentum accelerated significantly across all supported industrial sectors. During the year, OneB2B signed around 15 renewable electricity purchase agreements (PPAs) with its customers, half a dozen Clean Firm Power energy production contracts, dozens of electricity and gas supply contracts, the supply of approximately 80 kt of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) per year, and several thousand m³ of renewable fuels to major customers in the aerospace, heavy industry, data centers and electronics, waste and water, agri-food, transportation, and logistics sectors.

(1) Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (refer to the glossary for the definition).

[Page 59] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

FOCUS

TotalEnergies & Airbus Strategic Partnership

For several years, TotalEnergies and Airbus have been building a structured collaboration based on a shared ambition: to accelerate the decarbonization of aviation in Europe and worldwide.

In February 2025, TotalEnergies and Airbus signed two C lean Firm Power supply contracts for 3.3 TWh, covering all of Airbus's main sites in Germany and the United Kingdom. The electricity supplied to Airbus for the next decade will have a continuous baseload delivery profile and will come from new renewable assets with a capacity of 200 MW. These agreements will cover half of the electricity needs of the industrial sites concerned, starting in 2027.

TotalEnergies' Clean Firm Power offers a consistent delivery profile thanks to a combination of renewable and ﬂexible assets (solar, wind, CCGT, storage). It provides manufacturers such as Airbus with access to low-carbon, 24/7, competitive electricity.

This collaboration is a continuation of a long-standing relationship between the two companies. Since 2016, TotalEnergies has been supplying Airbus with Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) for aircraft deliveries and has been behind several pioneering ﬂights, including the first longhaul ﬂight of the A350 using SAF in 2021 and the first 100% SAF ﬂight of an A321neo in 2023.

Airbus and TotalEnergies.

In 2024, TotalEnergies and Airbus formalized a strategic partnership aimed at addressing the challenges of decarbonization in the sector. This partnership has two components: TotalEnergies supplying Airbus with sustainable aviation fuels for more than half of its needs in Europe, and a Research & Innovation program aimed at developing sustainable fuels that are compatible with the design of current and future aircraft.

[Page 60] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

FOCUS

Accelerating the Decarbonization of Data Centers Through Strategic Partnerships

Data centers are at the heart of the digital revolution. Their growing energy consumption represents a major challenge for electricity grids. As a partner for data centers and tech industries, TotalEnergies is supporting this sector in its energy transition. The Company has taken decisive steps by signing several renewable electricity Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) with tech giants in the United States, Europe, and Asia. These agreements illustrate the Company's ability to offer innovative solutions tailored to the needs of its customers around the world.

Data4: a European model for responsible data centers In November 2025, TotalEnergies signed a ten-year contract with Data4, the European leader in data centers, to supply renewable electricity to the group's Spanish sites. This PPA represents a total volume of 610 GWh, sourced from recently commissioned Spanish wind and solar farms. The agreement is based on a consistent delivery profile ("Clean Firm Power"). This partnership is part of Data4's strategy to invest nearly €2 billion by 2030 to develop its campuses in Spain.

Google: a shared vision for powering data centers In February 2026, TotalEnergies signed two new power purchase agreements to supply 1 GW of solar capacity to Google's data centers in Texas. This electricity (28 TWh over 15 years) will come from the future solar farms in Wichita (805 MWp) and Mustang Creek (195 MWp). The construction will begin in late 2026. Through these agreements, TotalEnergies is also responding to the challenge of land availability and power supply for data centers by offering large-scale colocation solutions. These capacities are in addition to the 1.2 GW recently signed by Clearway, a renewable energy project developer 50% owned by TotalEnergies, to power data centers in the ERCOT (Texas), PJM (Northeast) and SPP (Central) electricity markets.

This momentum builds on recent successes, notably in December 2025, when a 21-year PPA was signed in Malaysia. This contract covers 1 TWh from the Citra Energies solar power plant (20 MW), which is under construction since 2026 to supply local infrastructure.

A GAFAM company with a strong commitment to carbon neutrality In January 2026, TotalEnergies signed a 15-year PPA for a total volume of 5.1 TWh of renewable electricity. This energy will be produced by the recently completed Hill 2 solar power plant in Texas. Electricity production will power our customer's new data centers and logistics platforms in the United States. This contract meets its additionality requirement: the PPA guarantees the creation of a new renewable energy parc on the grid and is part of this customer's strategy to maintain a 100% renewable energy rate for its operations.

These projects are part of an ongoing collaboration : in November 2025, TotalEnergies formalized the supply of green electricity to Google's US sites from the Montpelier solar farm (49 MW) in Ohio.

A global strategy to support the digital sector's energy transition All these contracts illustrate TotalEnergies' ability to meet the growing electricity needs of tech giants while contributing to their decarbonization objectives. By combining renewable assets (solar, wind), storage solutions, and ﬂexible capacities, the Company offers differentiated offerings that go beyond traditional PPAs. By partnering with these players, TotalEnergies is confirming its role as a key partner in the decarbonization of the tech sector. These collaborations can go beyond the supply of electricity: the Company also supports them with batteries to store energy, biofuel to replace diesel in their backup generators, and immersive liquid cooling to cool servers.

[Page 61] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

Developing Electric Mobility

HIGHLIGHTS

BREAKDOWN OF THE 80,000 CHARGE POINTS OPERATED BY TOTALENERGIES IN EUROPE AT THE END OF 2025

T

France

otalEnergies develops a network of high-power electric charging stations along motorways, major roads and in urban hubs in Europe with more than 400 sites equipped with high-power charging by the end of 2025.

More than 25,000 charging points, including 1,850 fast and ultra-fast charging points

Netherlands 19,000 charging points, including 18,000 in B2G (1)

The Company also has a selective presence in a number of large cities, mainly in Europe, notably in Paris, Amsterdam, London or Brussels with a portfolio of around 35,000 charging points.

Lançon de Provence charging station - France.

It also supports road haulers in the electrification of their ﬂeet with the installation of terminals dedicated to trucks along European corridors and charging services at the depot with the supply of green electricity.

United Kingdom 3,300 operated charging points

• In France, TotalEnergies confirms its position as the leading player in high-power charging on highways, both in terms of number of charging points and installed capacity, with nearly 1,850 charging points installed accross 290 sites at end-2025, all powered with 100% renewable electricity.

Spain 700 charging points

Germany 7,500 charging points

Belgium/Luxemburg

• In France, TotalEnergies partnered with Scania France, Daimler Truck France, and Prologis to support customers in transitioning to low-carbon heavy-duty mobility. A first semi-public depot in Gonesse was inaugurated in November 2025, facilitating the use of electric trucks for regional delivery routes. By the end of 2025, more than 200 electric charging points had been deployed by the Company in transport depots.

More than 24,000 charging points, including 9,500 in B2G (1)

Lastly, TotalEnergies offers French customers who own an electric car an adapted electricity rate and an intelligent, controllable charging station for economical home charging. This offer includes a number of services such as monitoring their charges via their mobile application, repair assistance and even a 24/7 mobility guarantee. Finally, as electricity customers, they also benefit from access to a large network of charging stations at an advantageous rate for their roaming charging.

From the production of renewable electricity to the operation of charging services, the Company is present across the entire electric mobility value chain.

1. B2G : Business to Government, commercial relationship between a company and public or local authorities, or governments.

• TotalEnergies announced the creation of investment platforms dedicated to the deployment of electric vehicle charging infrastructure: in France, by partnering with Banque des Territoires to support municipalities and local authorities in their projects, and in Belgium and the Netherlands, through a partnership signed in February 2026 with Tikehau Capital to support the deployment of charging points in urban public spaces.

[Page 62] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

New Low-carbon Energy

TRANSFORMING OUR INDUSTRIAL SITES TO PRODUCE LOW-CARBON ENERGY

Normandy

Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) to decarbonize the aviation industry. To avoid conﬂicts of land usage, TotalEnergies is developing solutions based on primarily food industry waste and residues (used oils, animal fats). As of 2024, the Company increases the share of circular feedstocks to more than 75% to produce biofuels.

Start of SAF production (coprocessing)

Low-carbon hydrogen Priority to its use in our European refining assets

Grandpuits Biorefinery start-up scheduled Capacity: 230 kt/y of SAF

2019

End 2022

2026 2028 2024

2030

2022

Biogas Biogas, produced from the decomposition of organic waste, is a renewable gas. Injected into gas networks in the form of biomethane, it contributes to the partial decarbonization of natural gas uses. TotalEnergies’ gross production capacity continued to increase in 2025, reaching 1.4 TWh/year eq. of biomethane. The Company now intends to pursue its development through growth, mainly in Europe and the United States.

(1) According to the European Directive 2018/2001 named RED II.

Sustainability

La Mède Start-up of the

Biorefinery

SAF Production target of 0.5 Mt/y

Circularity Priority given to waste and residues > 75%

No more sourcing of palm oil and derivatives at La Mède

HIGHLIGHTS

Biogas

T

TotalEnergies partnered with HitecVision to accelerate the development of Polska Grupa Biogazowa (PGB), the biogas leader in Poland. The Company sold a 50% stake in PGB, in line with its farm‑down business model applied to its renewable assets. With 20 units in operation and a production capacity of over 450 GWh, PGB aims to reach 2 TWh of biomethane equivalent by 2030.

he energy transition also requires the development of low-carbon energy based on the conversion of biomass and waste, the use of renewable hydrogen, notably for refining or in the longer term the production of synthetic molecules (e-fuels) combining hydrogen with CO 2 as a raw material. TotalEnergies is thus developing these new energies: biofuels, biogas, renewable hydrogen and synthetic fuels.

Biofuels Today, biofuels emit over their life cycle more than 50% less CO 2 than their fossil fuel equivalents, making them a partial decarbonization pathway for liquid fuels (1) . While demand is emerging quickly, which should lead towards a high-margin market, access to feedstocks (plants, residues, sugar, etc.) remains a barrier to growth. Among these biofuels, TotalEnergies favors the production of

[Page 63] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

What are the Relevant Indicators for Reducing GHG Emissions Worldwide?

absolute value, without an evolution of the overall structure of energy demand, is in reality not relevant to reduce global GHG emissions.

Since 2023, TotalEnergies has published an estimate of indirect emissions related to the other Scope 3 categories, in accordance with the classification used by the GHG Protocol and Ipieca. We are also implementing action plans to reduce the emissions of the other categories.

(1) Scope 3 GHG emissions (GHG Protocol - Category 11). Refer to the glossary for the definition.

Most of the emissions reported under Scope 3 (1) by TotalEnergies correspond to the direct emissions (Scope 1) of the consumers of these products: the use of these products depends on their decisions and needs.

In this context, an absolute reduction target for Scope 3 (1)

Fénix: a low-emission offshore gas project - Argentina.

for a company like TotalEnergies, without any change in energy systems and therefore without the reduction of the corresponding Scope 1 of energy users, would lead to a shift of this demand towards other suppliers, notably the national oil companies of producing countries which account for more than 70% of the world market (compared with around 1.5% for TotalEnergies).

HIGHLIGHTS

TotalEnergies joined Carbon Measures in early 2026

This strategy would have no effect on lowering global greenhouse gas emissions, and therefore no positive impact on climate, and would be contrary to the interests of our Company and its shareholders.

T

otalEnergies produces and sells liquified natural gas, which is a necessary transition fuel for building a reliable, low-carbon power system, complementing renewable energies that are intermittent by nature.

This strategy could be counter-productive for TotalEnergies’ customers, as the Company has set as a goal to ensure their energy supply security while supporting them in their own emissions reduction journey.

Moreover, gas helps to reduce emissions from power generation in many countries, since burning gas rather than coal to produce electricity emits half as much CO 2 for the same amount of energy produced.

On January 1, 2026, TotalEnergies joined the Carbon Measures coalition, which aims to advance carbon accounting at the product level. Carbon Measures is a global coalition launched in October 2025 that currently includes more than 20 companies from various industries and service sectors. The coalition's goal is to contribute to the establishment of new carbon intensity standards to promote the emergence of regulations and market mechanisms that favor the least carbon-intensive products, thereby rewarding companies' efforts to reduce emissions.

Reminder: under Scope 3, since 2016 TotalEnergies has reported Category 11 emissions related to the end use by its customers of products sold i.e., linked to their combustion to obtain energy.

In this respect, setting objectives to drastically reduce TotalEnergies’ global indirect emissions (Scope 3) (1) in

[Page 64] Reducing Our Customers Emissions

Enabled Emissions Reductions ("Scope 4")

ESTIMATED SCOPE 3 1 AND ENABLED EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS (“SCOPE 4”) 2

emissions reductions by about 78 Mt CO2e in 2025. These enabled emission reductions are accounted for separately from Scope 3 GHG emissions.

E

Energy Sales Scope 3 1 and Enabled emissions

reductions (“Scope 4”) 2

2025 2030 2025

2030 <400 Mt CO 2 e

20%

Renewable Electricity & Low-carbon Molecules 3

~ 110 Mt CO 2 e

14%

78 Mt CO 2 e

~ 170 Mt CO 2 e

128 Mt CO 2 e ~ 50 Mt CO 2 e

50%

stimated enabled emissions reductions from LNG sales Gas-fired power plants are a ﬂexible mean of power generation and can be mobilized quickly, so they offer a secure backup for grids which are supplied by a growing share of intermittent renewable sources. CCGTs emit half as much GHG as coal or fuel oil-powered power plants (1) , that still account for the majority of power generation capacity in some countries. Globally, coal covers 35% of production and 74% of GHG emissions associated with electricity, and gas covers 22% of production and 21% of emissions respectively (2) .

22 Mt CO 2 e

46%

LNG & Gas

LNG, which can be shipped by sea, can ﬂexibly supply a large number of power plants. A large part of the gas sold by the Company goes to the electricity sector.

~ 210 Mt CO 2 e

207 Mt CO 2 e

Estimated enabled emissions reductions from renewable electricity generation A similar approach has been taken to estimate the enabled emissions reductions by renewable electricity generation: the methodology compares the emissions of the country’s alternative non-renewable mix to those from solar and wind generation. The applied emission factors (published by the IEA) cover the entire life cycle of power generation (7) . Non-renewable generation mixes are based on historical data published by Enerdata (8) for each country or continent (9) . TotalEnergies estimates that its renewable power generation has enabled emissions reductions by around 22 Mt CO 2 e in 2025.

40%

30%

Petroleum products

1. Presented as full area in the graph. GHG Protocol - Category 11. Refer to the glossary for the definition. 2. Presented as hatched area in the graph. Refer to the glossary for definition. 3. Biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e-fuels/e-gas.

(1) IEA 2025; Life Cycle Upstream Emission Factors 2025. (2) The rest of the electricity production is provided by hydroelectricity (14%), solar and wind

(15%), nuclear (9%) as well as by fuel oil and other renewables. Figures for the year 2024 detailed in the IEA’s WEO 2025. (3) Scope 3 GHG emissions (GHG Protocol - Category 11). Refer to the glossary for the definition. (4) Refer to the glossary for the definition. (5) Production mix for the year 2024 provided by Enerdata (data published in January 2026)

and emission factors for the year 2023 provided by IEA (data published in 2025). (6) For this calculation, Germany, France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands have

Estimates for 2030 By 2030, the enabled emissions reductions could amount to 160 Mt CO 2 e (around 110 Mt CO 2 e for LNG sales and around 50 Mt CO 2 e for renewable production), compared with a Scope 3 (3) maintained below 400 Mt CO 2 e. These enabled emissions reductions that will result from the customers’ decision to substitute carbon-based energy products (fossil fuels, in particular coal) with less carbonintensive energies (natural gas and renewables) will contribute to a reduction in global GHG emissions.

been considered as a single electricity and gas system. For France, the emission factors published by RTE have been considered. (7) Combustion-associated emission factors and upstream emission factors published in

Given the positive role of gas in the transition, TotalEnergies is aiming to increase its share in its sales mix by 2030, and has made the decision not to set a gas Scope 3 (3) reduction target on this value chain. When fueloil or coal-fired power generation is replaced by gas-fired power generation, GHG emissions fall, whereas TotalEnergies’ gas Scope 3 (3) increases. The Company has estimated the enabled emissions reductions (4) to which its 2025 sales of LNG may have contributed. The calculation is based on generation mixes and emission factors, published by Enerdata and the IEA (5) , for each country or region (6) and generation mean. TotalEnergies estimates that its customers’ use of LNG has enabled

2025 by the IEA for the year 2023. (8) Enerdata data published in January 2026 for the year 2024. (9) For this calculation, Europe has been considered as a single electrical network.

[Page 65] Solutions for residual emissions

Solutions for residual emissions

Developing Carbon Capture and Storage to Reduce Our Emissions and Those of Our Customers

CARBON STORAGE PROJECTS IN EUROPE

Texas. Finally, TotalEnergies is studying the development of CO 2 storage in Malaysia, for local and regional markets, with its partners Petronas and Mitsui.

Hub

Terminal

Storage

Northern Lights

Shipping

Bifrost

TotalEnergies is also studying the utilization of carbon in various forms (CCU), such as in reaction with renewable hydrogen, to produce fuels or synthetic methane. In particular, the Company signed an agreement for the development of the Live Oak synthetic methane production project in the United States.

NEP

(1) IEA 2025, World Energy Outlook 2025, Licence CC by 4.0.

(2) Carbon Capture & Storage.

LNG plants. For example, at Snøhvit liquefaction plant in Norway, where the Company is partner alongside Equinor, around 9 Mt of native CO 2 have been stored since 2008. Similarly, the separated native CO 2 ́ in the new NFE and NFS LNG liquefaction trains, currently under development in Qatar, will be stored by QatarEnergy. Finally, for our Ichthys LNG asset in Australia, the Company is studying a native CO 2 storage solution for start-up beyond 2030. The study of CCS solutions for its assets therefore complements the already mentioned efforts to reduce emissions, including electrification, energy efficiency and flaring reduction.

Teesside Aramis

(3) Global CCS Institute 2025, Global Status of CCS 2025 (updated on October 9, 2025)

Rotterdam

HIGHLIGHTS

Norway

The Company also invests in CO 2 storage projects for large industrial emitters ("Storage as a Service") which can thereby reduce their Scope 1 and secure the future of their activities. TotalEnergies is investing around $100 million per year in this business, with models that enable us to benefit from leverage. This investment will be sustained in order to contribute to the development of a gross storage capacity of 10 Mt CO 2 per year by 2030.

he IEA’s NZE scenario (1) includes the use of CC (2)

Northern Lights is the world's first merchant CO 2 transport and storage project. In 2025, the first CO 2 volumes were successfully transported by vessel from Heidelberg Materials' cement factory in Brevik, Norway, to the Northern Lights’ facilities in Øygarden.

T

for up to 6 Gt CO 2 per year in 2050, in order to reduce some of the emissions from residual oil and gas consumption, as well as from other industrial processes (cement, lime, steel, etc.) This capacity is more than 100 times greater than the global capture capacity currently in operation, which is around 60 Mt CO 2 per year (3) .

Also in 2025, TotalEnergies and its partners, Equinor and Shell, announced the Final Investment Decision (FID) of the second phase of the Northern Lights development, which will increase the project transport and storage capacity from 1.5 million to more than 5 million tons of CO 2 per year from 2028. This FID follows the signing of a 15-year commercial agreement between Northern Lights and the Swedish district energy provider, Stockholm Exergi, for the cross-border transport and storage of 900,000 tons of biogenic CO 2 emissions annually, starting in 2028.

TotalEnergies’ CCS strategy gives priority to reducing emissions of its activities, to reduce Scope 1+2 emissions from upstream Oil & Gas activities, as well as refining and

Europe is at the heart of this CCS strategy. TotalEnergies is an historical operator in the North Sea, with recognized operational and geological expertise in the area. The United Kingdom, Norway and the European Union have set objectives and regulations and have provided significant financial support to promote a cross-border deployment of CCS. The Company is currently developing four projects in the North Sea that will provide CO 2 storage solutions for its own assets and those of its customers. The Company has entered the United States CCS market in 2024, with a 25% stake in the Bayou Bend project in

[Page 66] Solutions for residual emissions

Oﬀsetting Residual Emissions with Nature-based Carbon Sinks

CUMULATED CARBON CREDITS GENERATED BY THE END OF 2025

The Company is in favor of strengthening a global framework of trust to further reinforce robust and recognized voluntary crediting mechanisms.

In this context and based on a consumption rate of 10% of the stock per year from 2030, TotalEnergies would consume around 5 million credits per year from 2030 onwards.

Million credits

HIGHLIGHTS

40

United States

30

20

TotalEnergies is investing in forestry, regenerative agriculture and wetlands protection projects. Its strategy aims to combine and balance the value of people’s financial revenue from agriculture and forestry and the value of the benefits to soil, biodiversity, the water cycle and the production of carbon credits. When that approach is successful, the local standard of living improves and degradation of the land diminishes – as do emissions. This search for balance among different practices makes a just transition possible.

10

In 2025, TotalEnergies signed an agreement with NativState, an Arkansas-based forest carbon project developer, to conserve forests from land conversion and heavy timber harvesting. The transaction includes 13 Improved Forest Management (IFM) projects located in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee, U.S.A, covering 100,000 hectares (247,000 acres). All carbon credits generated by the project will be certified by the ACR, an internationally recognized carbon crediting program, and will be acquired by TotalEnergies.

0

2030 2025 2024 2023 2022 NATIVSTATE PROJECTS WITH TOTALENERGIES

Virginia

At 2025 year-end, the Company’s stock of credits stood at 17.9 million carbon credits certified by the main international standards such as Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) from Verra, ACR (American Carbon Registry) or ANREU (Australian National Registry of Emissions Units).

Missouri Kenthucky

Kansas

North Carolina

Tennessee

atural areas preservation and restoration can be a lever for achieving net zero emissions worldwide by 2050.

Arkansas Oklahoma

N

Georgia

Mississippi

Alabama

Texas

Florida

Louisiana

Only in 2030 will TotalEnergies begin voluntary offsetting its residual emissions via NBS (Nature Based Solutions) carbon credits and will offset only Company’s Scope 1+2 residual emissions.

The annual budget allocated to these projects is $100 million. The cumulative budget committed at the end of 2025 for all concluded operations amounts to more than $650 million over their cumulative lifespan, for a cumulative volume of verified credits expected at 37 million by 2030 and 51 million over their lifetime. The final quantities of carbon credits obtained will depend on the effective completion of the projects, methodological revisions for certification, and technical updates.

Projects Locations

Between 2026 and 2030, TotalEnergies will continue to develop new projects in order to build up a stock of carbon credits of around 50 million by 2030.

TotalEnergies is working to build a high-quality portfolio and is paying close attention to the integrity and permanence of the emissions reductions and sequestration achieved by the activities financed in this way.

[Page 67] Solutions for residual emissions

Innovating to Accelerate the Energy Transition

R&D BUDGET ALLOCATION 1

In %

o prepare for the future, the Company invested each year more than $1 billion in R&D, industrial innovation and digital developments.

T

100

23 12

11

8 HSE (incl. Methane, CCUS, Water, Biodiversity…)

24

9

75

R&D at TotalEnergies In support of its transition strategy, TotalEnergies has significantly reoriented its R&D in recent years.

35

Our technological Ambition Mastering the key technologies for the energy transition must be a source of differentiation. TotalEnergies has identified 6 technological areas in which the company wants to develop its excellence, focus and expand its research and technology (R&T) efforts through Strategic R&T Programs (SRTPs), with the aim of building competitive technological advantages.

12

New Energies

50

Batteries

14

52 72

25

Compared to 28% in 2017, TotalEnergies devoted 72% of its 2025 R&D budget (1) to low-carbon energy (renewables, biomass, batteries, etc.) and to reducing environmental footprints through CCUS and sustainable development programs.

28

Oil & Gas

0

2025 2021 2017

Accordingly, in September 2025, the Company adopted six Strategic R&T Programs: • two in the field of Sustainability Development: Digital for HSE and CO 2 Techno Hub; • two for Projects and Operations: Digital Plant and NZE Plant (Near Zero Emissions Plant); • two for New Energies: Integrated Power Modelling and BioHub.

Reducing our emissions through digital technology In September 2025, TotalEnergies reinforced its Digital Technology Ambition through two Strategic R&T Programs: Digital for HSE and Digital Plant.

Digital for HSE aims to develop digital solutions to: • identify, anticipate, and manage technological risks; • improve workplace safety; • detect and prevent pollutant emissions.

The creation of the OneTech branch in September 2021 illustrates the dynamic generated by general management to mobilize teams and respond to the new challenges facing TotalEnergies as part of its transition strategy. OneTech’s mission is to provide all the technical and R&D expertise that TotalEnergies needs to implement its strategy. One of the missions of the OneTech branch is to provide solutions for reducing the carbon footprint and improving the energy efficiency of our projects right from the design stage, and to anticipate innovative technologies together with our partners. By putting Digital at the heart of OneTech’s organization, the Company is extending its digital transformation to all its business sectors by deploying digital solutions to improve the performance of industrial operations, reduce their environmental footprint and provide new services to its customers.

1. Budget excluding Hutchinson.

(1) Excluding Hutchinson

[Page 68] Solutions for residual emissions

HIGHLIGHTS

OptimHYSe, a hybrid energy system optimization tool

TotalEnergies, Airbus, Safran, CERFACS, and ONERA join forces to understand non ‑ CO 2 eﬀects

OptimHYSe is a tool developed by TotalEnergies to optimize the design and operation of energy systems combining renewable energies, batteries, gas-fired power plants, and the electricity grid. It helps our teams to design solutions that are more energyefficient, more reliable, and better integrated with local needs. Using advanced optimization models, OptimHYSe makes it possible to test different configurations, measure their impact on CO₂ emissions, and identify the most efficient choices over the entire life cycle of the facilities.

While CO₂ emissions from air transport are now well quantified, their overall climate impact continues to be debated. The issue: at stake is non-CO₂ effects, a complex set of atmospheric phenomena—contrails, induced cirrus clouds, nitrogen oxides, aerosols—some of which contribute to warming, while others contribute to cooling. Their magnitude varies greatly depending on local ﬂight conditions, making them particularly difficult to model.

This tool is used to reduce emissions from our industrial sites and optimize renewable power plants connected to the grid. By supporting multi-energy projects around the world, OptimHYSe is helping to accelerate the transition to a more sustainable and resilient energy system.

Faced with this major scientific challenge, TotalEnergies, Airbus, and Safran are joining forces in a joint advanced modeling project, carried out jointly by two leading institutes, CERFACS and ONERA. The model resulting from this project will ultimately be made available to the scientific and industrial community to help advanced understanding on this complex subject.

Reducing the carbon footprint of lubricants with digital tools and base oils made from recycled materials

Fiber optics for CO 2 storage monitoring

For example, STORM (Safety Tool for Operators and Remote Monitoring) is a digital product that illustrates the Company's efforts in digital technology for sustainable development whose deployment was initiated in 2025. STORM is an innovative digital solution developed by TotalEnergies to improve the detection and continuous monitoring of methane emissions at sites operated by on-site operators and the Methane Tracking Center in Pau. By aggregating multi-source data in real time—IoT sensors, infrared cameras, acoustic sensors, weather data, and AUSEA® drone or satellite imagery—STORM provides 2D/3D visualization that enables early identification of leaks, localization of their source, and accelerated corrective action. Designed to facilitate the interpretation of multiple data sets while enhancing environmental performance, the tool aims to support the Company's commitment to near-zero methane emissions by 2030. Gradually deployed across E&P assets, STORM contributes to transparent reporting and a significant reduction in emissions, building the foundation for future automated quantification and OGMP 2.0 reporting capabilities.

TotalEnergies has demonstrated the environmental benefits of incorporating base oils made from recycled materials (RRBO) into automotive lubricant formulations. Life cycle assessments (LCAs) have shown that incorporating RRBO significantly reduces the carbon footprint of new generations of motor oils (by 15% to 50% depending on the range), while maintaining equivalent technical performance.

TotalEnergies is a pioneer in the use of fiber optic cables to monitor CO₂ storage. At the Northern Lights site in Norway, TotalEnergies and its partners have reused fiber optic cables already installed for telecommunications and demonstrated the effectiveness of this new use of existing low-cost technology. The Company collaborated with X, The Moonshot Factory (formerly Google X) to develop an on-site real-time data analysis system. Artificial intelligence automatically extracts and processes only key information, thus optimizing the volume of data to be transferred and reducing energy consumption.

Innovating with start-ups To contribute to its development in the electricity sector, TotalEnergies continues to collaborate with startups selected through its TotalEnergies On acceleration program, based in Paris at Station F. Today, nearly 46 startups have been accelerated; three of them have been acquired by the Company (Nash, Predictive Layer, DS Flow) and nearly 20 commercial contracts have been signed at the end of the 6-month acceleration period.

The approach is based on internal digital tools that guide formulations towards the most competitive options: automated LCA calculations; digital mapping of recycled base oils; and a virtual formulation assistant that accelerates the optimization of formulas to be developed and tested. By fully leveraging our experimental technical data and mobilizing artificial intelligence approaches, these digital tools multiply our capacity for innovation. They accelerate the development of new generations of lubricants and broaden the scope of sustainable solutions explored.

[Page 69] Acting for the Well-Being of Employees

Employee in the lubricant section of a Bonjour store in Antananarivo - Madagascar. Operator on the CLOV FPSO - Angola.

70 Ensuring People’s Safety 73 Our Employees Committed to Transition 74 Five Levers to Mobilize Our Employees 75 Focus. Caring for One Another: a Shared Commitment Across All our Subsidiaries 76 Develop and Support Talent in the Transition 77 Building a Good Place to Work 78 Focus. Care together by TotalEnergies 79 Talent Diversity, a Performance Lever

[Page 70] Ensuring People’s Safety

ACCIDENT TYPOLOGY 2025

Recordable accidents included in TRIR statistics

S

Foot traﬃc

afety is more than a priority at TotalEnergies; it is a core value on which we will not compromise for any reason. Everyone who works at our sites must be able to return home safe and sound at the end of their workday.

fatal accident

Manual handling

TARGET Zero

We deplore one accidental death in 2025

Vehicle and mobile equipment traﬃc in site

191 accidents

Hand & powered tools

Transport Road

Prevention of occupational accidents The number of accidents per million hours worked (TRIR) among our Company’s staff and contractors has been steadily improving for many years. It reached 0.47 in 2025. Safety efforts have reduced TotalEnergies’ TRIR by 60% over a 10-year period. The vast majority of accidents relate to occupational safety.

In 2025, TRIR continuously decreased and achieved 0.47

Intervention on energized system Other exploitation or maintenance

Hazardous works

HIGHLIGHTS

Learning all the lessons from the accidental death that occurred in 2025 Exploration and Production Angola - Block 17 - Clov Field - Anahita logistics vessel – May 14, 2025 While unloading drill pipes onto a logistics vessel, once the pipes had been placed and the slings unhooked, they rolled towards two crew members of the company operating the vessel. Manoj Kumar lost his life and one of his colleagues was injured in the leg.

This decrease in the TRIR is due to ongoing safety efforts, including: • a specific action plan to prevent serious and fatal accidents through campaigns targeting high-risk works and road transport; • the implementation of HSE rules and guidelines that are regularly updated and audited; • training and general safety awareness for all levels of the organization (specific training for managers, World Day For Safety); • HSE communication efforts targeting all Company personnel; • maintaining HSE objectives in the employee compensation policy.

Specific recommendations were issued concerning the strengthening of loading/unloading procedures, in particular the stabilization of loads after lifting, the implementation of secure storage systems for pipe bundles, and the strengthening of prevention measures on logistics vessels.

Actions to prevent fatal accidents The Company has set a goal of "zero fatality". Sadly, we recorded one accident-related fatality in 2025 among contractors staff.

[Page 71] OUR LIVES FIRST

In 2025, Our Program « Our Lives First » gave rise to:

280,000

Our actions plans to prevent fatal accidents are based on long-term work to continuously adapt and systematically implement our two global programs in the field: « The Golden Rules » and « Our Lives First ». This indispensable fundamental work is supplemented by specific action plans resulting from investigations carried out when new events occur.

Preventing major technological risks TotalEnergies facilities and activities are exposed to technological risks, and the prevention of major industrial accidents is an essential part of the Company’s safety policy. All our facilities are subject to systematic studies to identify hazards and analyze the associated risks, with the aim of controlling risks in order to prevent a major accident, to protect people, the environment and assets. All risks are studied, and technical, organizational and human barriers are identified and implemented to guarantee risk control.

Life Saving Checks 13,000

Worldwide roll-out of the "Our Lives First" program The program is designed to implement three types of practical actions at all of our sites:

A multi-year plan has been elaborated to continue strengthening the control of major technological risks for the Company’s operated entities.

Joint Safety Tours 100%

of sites deployed the Safety Green Light

This program has 3 main focuses:

• Life Saving Checks : five activities have been identified as generating the highest risks which could be the cause of fatal accidents. Safety checklists have been drafted for these activities, to check that work is carried out correctly in the field, in compliance with the safety rules. More than 280,000 "Life Saving Checks" were carried out in 2025;

• reassess the effectiveness of critical barrier management for each major accident scenario;

HIGHLIGHTS

• facilitate the management of major risks by visualizing critical barriers;

Welcoming contractors

• improve understanding and management of prevention tools for operational staff.

Safety Street course - Antwerp refinery and other RC sector sites and Safety Dojo initiative - Saft and other GRP sector entities

• Joint Safety Tours : front-line presence and safety dialogue have been enhanced to promote a shared safety culture. "Joint safety Tours" with TotalEnergies senior management and contractor partners are held in addition to daily visits from local management. More than 13,000 "Joint Safety Tours" were carried out in 2025;

The "Safety Street course" and "Safety Dojo initiative", by replicating real-life work situations for each Golden Rule, enable participants to identify risks and best practices for their future work phases on site.

In addition, a specific training has been developed for site operational managers. This immersive training in conditions closest to reality allows to understand fire and hydrocarbon explosion situations in a controlled environment and on secure ground.

This includes handling personal protective equipment, exercises based on risky situations, modules dedicated to work permits, internal traffic, and the remaining of safety feedbacks. At some sites, virtual reality devices are used to reinforce learning on these safety topics.

• Safety Green Light : the goal is to ensure, before starting work, that the risks involved are understood by the intervening teams, who may not start or stop work if the conditions are not met. To this end, the ritual of questions has been revised, and the objectives and expectations clarified. This new version of the "Safety Green Light" was deployed in 2024 and continued to be roll-out to all Company sites in 2025.

Launched in 2021, these initiatives are now being rolled out at more than 70 of the Company’s sites.

Also, on April 24, 2025, during the World Day for Safety, the prevention of major accidents was addressed through the theme of critical barriers and degraded situations. The day provided an opportunity for numerous discussions and presentations to employees of the Company and contractors.

[Page 72] HIGHLIGHTS

No Safety without Critical Barriers: Each Action Counts!

World Day for Safety

April 24, 2025

Strategic Research and Technology Program - Digital for HSE

Together, let’s manage the risks and address the downgraded situations.

Know

Inspect

Maintain

React

The integration of digital technology in the service of HSE is now an important lever for achieving the Company’s ambitions. The Digital for HSE program, launched in 2025 , is central to this approach, mobilizing advanced digital technologies—artificial intelligence, robotics, drones, augmented reality, predictive monitoring—to enhance operational performance, control risks to people and production infrastructure, and reduce the environmental footprint.

This ambition is reﬂected in the structuring of dedicated programs such as the Smart Worksite Safety Program , which improves work preparation and supervision through digital assistants, risk anticipation through data analysis, and continuous automated monitoring of construction sites. Solutions also make it possible to reduce human exposure, for example through remote-controlled means such as drone inspections or the use of robots.

We track Tier 1 and Tier 2 losses of primary containment, as defined by the industry standards. The prevention policy we have implemented, based on managing technical integrity and operational excellence, has resulted in a four-fold decrease since 2015. The Company did not experience any major industrial accident in 2025 Road transportation The risk of road accidents is one of the main safety risks at the workplace for TotalEnergies. The Company has for many years had a policy based on rules, driver training, communication, technical vehicle specifications and an extensive carrier inspection program. This policy has led to a steady decline in the number of accidents. The number of serious accidents has been divided by 4 since 2015. To prevent road accidents, several technological innovations have been tested, implemented as a priority in countries with high road risk and we have decided to extend them to all countries where the Company operates. These technologies are: • lane departure warning system; • forward collision warning; • advanced emergency breaking; • fatigue and distraction detection.

The other pillar of the system is based on real-time monitoring of critical barriers that protect us from major technological risks, made possible by the consolidation of industrial maintenance data, operational decision support, and failure prediction. Pilots were developed in 2025 in various sectors, accompanied by enhanced training on understanding the concept of critical barriers.

HIGHLIGHTS

Beyond safety, digital technology is also being used to benefit the environment through solutions for monitoring emissions.

#SafeDriver Since 2016, TotalEnergies has been carrying out #SafeDriver awareness campaigns for TotalEnergies employees and partner companies using light and heavy vehicles in the course of their duties. The aim is to challenge users, to remind drivers of basic road safety rules and the importance of respecting them, to encourage changes in practices and behaviors, supported by a participatory approach and on-theground exchanges.

Preventive awareness videos are released each year and will continue in 2026.

[Page 73] Our Employees Committed to Transition

2025 TOTALENERGIES ENGAGEMENT SCORE

Ipsos Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world (in %).

O

vis-à-vis the Company, to deliver the expected results, make the decisions required to achieve them, take responsibility for those decisions, and report, transparently, on the results and consequences, both present and future, of his or her actions.

69 83.5

ur employees are at the heart of our performance, and their engagement is essential to the success of our transition. Our people ambition Better Together brings together a set of measures to make the Company a good place to work together, and to lead a just transition.

+ 14 points

vs benchmark

TotalEnergies Benchmark

2025 TOTALENERGIES ENGAGEMENT INDEX AND IPSOS BENCHMARK 1

Ipsos Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world (% agree).

We believe that listening to our stakeholders is an essential part of a just transition. Social dialogue plays a key role in achieving this. Beyond, our employees around the world participate every two years in the TotalEnergies Survey to share their perceptions of the Company across various themes (ambition, collective performance, commitment to Sustainab’ALL approach, management, talent development, working conditions, etc.).

2023 2024 2025 Benchmark Ipsos 2025

HIGHLIGHTS

Commitment

89 89 88

77

Our Sustainab’ALL approach is gaining visibility among our employees

Endorsement of goals

90 88 89

67

Pride

90 90 86

70

Following the Executive Committee’s decision, a complementary and more concise survey, the TotalEnergies Pulse Survey, was launched in 2023. This survey now takes place alternately every other year to enable the measurement of employee engagement and well-being on an annual basis. In 2025, the engagement score for TotalEnergies is, once again, above 80% (83.5% (1) ).

The 2025 edition of the TotalEnergies Pulse Survey featured new questions designed to more accurately measure our employees’ understanding of and commitment to the transition and to Sustainab’ALL, our sustainable development approach.

83 85 81

Recommend as an employer

68

80 81

Personal accomplishment

78 67

78

82 81

Conﬁdence in senior management

64

The results show a positive and shared dynamic: • 81% of our employees believe that the Company is changing at a pace that is in line with developments in the energy industry. • 87% say they have heard of our Sustainab’ALL approach, up 10 points from 2024.

74

74 72

68 Loyalty

These levels of ownership illustrate the teams’ confidence in the Company’s strategic direction.

1. Results scope: Company without Hutchinson.

Since 2022, the Company has been organizing campuses that bring together Comex members, senior executives, and employees to listen to their proposals on key topics. In 2025, nearly 300 employees managers of profit centers were able to exchange views with the Comex. Participants particularly focused on accountability, a principle that emphasizes the commitment of a profit center manager within the area for which he or she is responsible and

[Page 74] Five Levers to Mobilize Our Employees

OUR 5 LEVERS FOR A SUSTAINABLE CHANGE

1 - Energy consumption

T

otalEnergies’ ambition to place sustainable development at the heart of its strategy, its projects and its operations calls for the mobilization of all its employees.

"Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change" are therefore a key step in creating a dynamic for change by promoting 5 priority collective attitudes, in addition to the rituals of the Sustainab’ALL moment at the start of each afternoon meeting, launched in 2021, and of the Sustainab’ALL day launched in 2023.

In my operations, I review all my energy consumptions and aim to minimize them. In my projects, I design installations to minimize energy consumptions.

2 - Low-carbon operations

HIGHLIGHTS

To progress together and make our approach a reality, we deployed in 2024 « Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change ». These 5 levers of action aim at collectively making our corporate culture evolve, over the long term, as we have been able to do over the past 20 years in the area of safety. Such an evolution implies a collective journey, which needs to be initiated by first focusing on certain priority behaviors.

I promote the use of renewable energies and low-carbon technologies in my projects and my operations, taking into account a CO 2 cost of $100/t. I do the same with my customers and suppliers to enable them to reduce their emissions.

3 - Discharges in the environment

Sustainab’ALL Day 2025: one year after the launch of “Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change”

In my operations, I review all discharges to air, water, oceans and soil, as well as waste, and aim to minimize them in the light of the best available technologies and practices. In my projects, I design installations to minimize pollution and waste.

TotalEnergies celebrated on September 26 the Sustainab’ALL day, its global day dedicated to sustainable development. Initiated in 2023, this annual event aims to bring together all the Company’s employees, all over the world, around the challenges associated with sustainable development and to highlight the concrete contributions of the Company’s subsidiaries and entities.

4 - Our communities

Their deployment is supported by the appointment of 189 Sustainability Officers within the HSSE (Health, Safety, Sustainability, Environment) teams of our operated affiliates. In charge of promoting the levers locally, of piloting progress plans and organizing information feedback, they constitute a network which meets at regular intervals, in particular to share good practices. A training program on the 5 levers was launched in 2024, giving access to all Company employees to digital modules dedicated to each of the levers. By end 2025, 24,000 of them had followed all of the modules. A longer training for managers has been set up in 2025 and allowed 400 of them to be trained.

I know the neighbors of my site and my stakeholders; I engage and maintain a constructive dialogue with them, including through the careful handling of complaints. I anticipate this dialogue right from the design stage of a new project.

5 - Care

Finally, since January 2025, files supporting investment projects submitted to the Executive Committee include a presentation on the way levers 1 to 4 have been taken into account in the projects.

I pay attention to my colleagues and report when one of them shows signs of not being well “mal-être”.

This third edition aimed at showing how “Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change” had been implemented, one year after their launch; it mobilized 25,000 participants in local events over 94 countries. More than 10,000 employees connected to the Live Event to follow Patrick Pouyanné’s intervention during which he handed over awards from the COMEX to three initiatives related to the levers, distinguished in 3 categories : impact, replicability and innovation. Five "Employee awards", one for each lever, were also attributed, based on a vote by the employees.

[Page 75] FOCUS

Caring for One Another: a Shared Commitment Across All our Subsidiaries

« Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change »

Lever 5.

I pay attention to my colleagues and report when one of them shows signs of not being well « mal-être ».

United Kingdom — Mental Health Champions With the increase in psychological support needs in the United Kingdom following the COVID-19 pandemic, a network of around 30 volunteer employees trained in active listening has been set up within the subsidiary. These "Mental Health Champions" offer a confidential and impartial point of contact to identify distress, encourage referral to appropriate solutions, and support colleagues in difficulty.

Because psychological well-being is an essential pillar of a sustainable work environment, TotalEnergies subsidiaries are rolling out concrete initiatives to strengthen collective vigilance and support among colleagues. The five stories nominated for the Lever 5 Care Award, “Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change,” illustrate the richness and relevance of the actions taken around the world. These are all best practices that contribute to spreading a culture of attention, listening, and respect. The 2025 winner, our Exploration & Production affiliate from Nigeria, is a testament to this ambitious and inspiring dynamic.

Germany — An emergency assistance service Our German subsidiary has set up a professional mental health listening and support service in partnership with VIVA FamilienService. Available by phone or email, it is anonymous and free of charge. It helps employees facing difficult personal or professional situations and can facilitate longer-term follow-up.

Nigeria — Care Week: the power of small acts (2025 winner) Care Week mobilized all teams around the idea that simple acts of kindness can bring about lasting change in the workplace. Webinars, workshops, "Care walls," and messages of appreciation raised widespread awareness of everyone's responsibility for each other's well-being. With more than 1,000 participants, this initiative strengthened empathy and inclusion within teams.

Small acts of care with big impacts on workplace wellbeing - Nigeria

Netherlands — Experimenting with wellness leadership In the Netherlands, a pilot project brought together 14 managers around an application designed to create a safe working environment. Over a five-week period, they were made aware of practices that promote a climate of trust and prevent transgressive behavior, paving the way for further testing in other teams.

Spain — Emotional ﬁrst aid training In Spain, the Gas, Renewables & Power subsidiary has incorporated emotional first aid training into its development plan. This training enables employees to identify critical situations, understand emotional reactions in crisis contexts, and know how to support a colleague in difficulty. Fifty employees completed the program in 2025.

[Page 76] Develop and Support Talent in the Transition

D

98%

eveloping everyone’s skills is a major challenge for a just transition. Our goal is to empower all employees to take charge of their career development, notably through the internal mobility platform, or to freely decide which training courses they consider important for their development, up to three days per year, in addition to mandatory training. In 2025, 98% of our employees had taken at least one training course and benefited from an average of 4.6 days of training during the year.

of our employees had taken at least one training course in 2025 Top 10

OneTech: decompartmentalizing skills The OneTech branch, which brings together 3,400 engineers, technicians and researchers of TotalEnergies inside one entity is today a hub of technological excellence serving all the Company’s multi-energy activities. The concentration of technical skills makes it possible to build multidisciplinary teams to carry out new industrial projects, regardless of the sector of activity. This generates a decompartmentalization of skills, creating value for the company and its employees. The result: greater ﬂexibility to better develop our projects across the entire energy mix.

companies preferred by young managers in the engineering and business sectors in France, according to the annual rankings established by the Universum agency

HIGHLIGHTS

Technical communities supporting the Company’s technological ambition

Visa for TotalEnergies, a global upskilling program As part of its just transition plan, TotalEnergies has designed the « Visa for TotalEnergies » program as a global upskilling program, aimed at preparing all employees for the new challenges facing the Company and society in general, as well as supporting the development of their skills. This multi-year training program is deployed in several seasons, each one devoted to a key aspect of the Company’s transition. The first two seasons enabled the training of more than 30,000 employees on climate challenges and the answers provided by our ambition, then in 2023 in the fundamentals of electricity, the main lever for decarbonizing the energy mix.

In 2025, the OneTech branch launched the deployment of technical communities that bring together engineers and technicians from around the world by expertise: Geoscience & Reservoir, Drilling & Wells, Process, Maintenance/ Inspection, Technologies, Projects, Electricity & Renewables.

The goal is to share innovations, feedback, and training, and to leverage skills to support the Company’s operations and projects.

Employees TotalEnergies Houston - USA

In 2024 and 2025, the program continued with an aim to accelerate the appropriation of generative Artificial Intelligence tools in the service of collective performance. This resulted in the gradual provision of Copilot licenses for Microsoft 365 and Microsoft Power Platform, supported by training on how to use these new tools.

[Page 77] Building a Good Place to Work

2025 TOTALENERGIES CARE SCORE

Ipsos Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world (in %).

T

70 83.4

In order to measure our progress and draw up action plans, we defined, in collaboration with Ipsos, an annual measurement of our employees’ level of well-being using a Care index based on 7 criteria. In 2025, our score is 83.4%, an increase compared to 2024 (1) .

+ 13 points

vs benchmark

he Company’s commitment to social responsibility is reﬂected in the roll out of the Care Together by TotalEnergies program. In addition to commitments specific to each affiliate, this program guarantees compliance with high social standards for all its employees worldwide, regardless of the legislation in force in any given country.

TotalEnergies Benchmark

2024 TOTALENERGIES CARE INDEX AND IPSOS BENCHMARK 1

Ipsos Benchmark composed of companies larger than 10,000 employees throughout the world (% agree).

2023 2024 2025 Benchmark Ipsos 2025

Remarkable for its scope, this program is based on concrete measures revolving around four essential pillars: social protection, health, the family sphere and working conditions. For example, every employee worldwide has access to medical monitoring, health insurance and a death benefit plan, and childcare leave. In terms of mental health, the Company has a worldwide policy of preventing psychosocial risks.

97

Work in safe conditions 96 95

79

Respected at work

86 88 86

73

HIGHLIGHTS

87 88 85

Suﬃcient freedom and autonomy

73

Employee Mental Health: a Focus for TotalEnergies

78 81 78

68

Share moments of conviviality and celebrate success

85 85

Manager who listen to the team

87 68

With the aim of developing a culture that fosters well-being on a daily basis, we help our employees to preserve their balance in a safe working environment, by reinforcing the attention that everyone pays to the well-being of their colleagues and encouraging local managers to create a working environment conducive to sustainable performance. We are thus providing our employees with a specific training offer within a framework that enables every employee to take three days of training of his or her choice.

77

82 81

Able to balance work and personal life

72

63

68 66

No excessive pressure at work

56

In 2025, we confirm our position among the world’s top-ranked companies by being in the top 7 of the CCLA Corporate Mental Health Benchmark Global 100+ . This benchmark evaluates the world’s 120 largest listed companies with over 10,000 employees on the theme of mental health in the workplace. A ranking which recognizes the actions taken by the Company to make this a collective performance factor.

The Company has also been running « Green Fridays ». This innovation liberates the calendar from any collective meetings scheduled by management every other Friday and allows employees to organize their work.

1. Results scope: Company without Hutchinson.

[Page 78] FOCUS

Social Protection

OBJECTIVES OUR WORLDWIDE ACTIONS 100%

Ensuring living wage and quality social protection for all our employees, regardless of their location

of employees receive direct remuneration at least equal to the living wage in the country or region in which they work

Health

• Ensure all employees receive a direct wage that is at least equal to the living wage in the country or region in which they work. • Where appropriate, set up a health insurance plan or propose a corporate supplementary regime, in addition to the legal plans in force. • Set up a death benefit plan, whatever the cause, at least equivalent to two years’ gross reference salary. 100%

Preserving the physical and mental health of all our employees worldwide

of employees received a medical follow-up every two years

Family Sphere

• Provide medical follow-up to our employees exposed to occupational risks that may have harmful effects on their physical and mental health. • Propose to our employees a health check at least every two years unless specific local regulations or contexts require otherwise. • Deploy a global policy for the prevention of psychosocial risks to protect employees’ mental health. 98% (1)

Give employees the opportunity to take care of their families

of primary parent employees benefit from at least 14 weeks of fully paid child-welcoming leave

Working Environment

• For pregnancy or adoption: • Guarantee a minimum of 14 weeks of childcare leave for the first parent and two weeks for the second parent, with basic salary maintained at 100% (subject to more protective local measures). • Neutralize absences for childcare leave, by granting the first parent, when returning from childcare leave, an increase equal to the average of individual increases received over the last three years. 96%

• Generalize the use of ﬂexible working hours with clear rules and trust our employees to take responsibility for the way they manage remote working as part of their day to day activities. • Conduct information campaigns and awareness-raising initiatives on employee wellbeing and work-life balance.

of the Company’s entreprises run information campaigns or organize events to promote employee well-being

Promote a ﬂexible, modern and attractive work organization for our employees, while preserving collective efficiency in a safe working environment

(1) Without Hutchinson (2025 Worldwide HR Survey).

[Page 79] Talent Diversity, a Performance Lever

Diversity 2025 roadmap: Ongoing progress

EVOLUTION OF FEMINIZATION

D

% of women among senior management

% of women among senior executives

>30 >30

30.2

iversity of talent and management is a decisive lever for progress for a company like TotalEnergies, in that it increases our competitiveness, our capacity for innovation and also our attractiveness. The Company ensures the diversity and internationalization of its teams and prevents any form of discrimination to build a respectful collective within which everyone can express their full potential.

26.4

25.4

21.1

18.6

Acting to promote the employment of people with disabilities Since 2018, we have joined the International Labour Organization (ILO) network, committing ourselves to promoting as a priority five major principles of the Global Business and Disability Network Charter. To date, more than 40 Company subsidiaries have committed to creating a more inclusive working environment for employees with disabilities, while respecting the specific features of each country.

13

2025 2020 2015 2025 2020 2015

2030 objective 2030 objective

Understanding and respecting our diﬀerences In 2025, the Company continued to roll out a complete awareness-raising kit made available to managers so that they could organize a moment of exchange with their teams anywhere in the world. The aim: understand and respect differences to create collective conditions allowing everyone to express their talents, ideas and energy.

EVOLUTION OF INTERNATIONALIZATION

HIGHLIGHTS

% of non-French nationals among senior executives % of non-French nationals among senior management

>45

>45

TotalEnergies and The Valuable 500 join forces to promote the inclusion of people with disabilities

37.7

36.4

36.4

33 32.1

On International Women’s Day, an awareness campaign was dedicated to promoting women’s ambitions, notably through a conference entitled “Sport: a lever for women’s empowerment?”. This conference, attended by top female athletes, helped break down gender stereotypes and provided examples of inspiring career paths.

27.5

Through this type of awareness-raising action, the Company aims to prevent all forms of discrimination, in line with its values: Respect for Each Other and Stand Together.

On December 3, 2025, International Day of Persons with Disabilities, TotalEnergies celebrated five years of membership in The Valuable 500, a global initiative that aims to put the inclusion of people with disabilities and the promotion of their potential on the roadmap of multinational companies. On this occasion, Catherine Remy, President, People & Social Engagement, reiterated the Company’s commitments in a video produced jointly with Katy Talikowska, CEO of The Valuable 500.

2025 2020 2015 2025 2020 2015

[Page 80] Caring for the Environment

81 Caring for the Environment 82 Focus. Concrete Examples of Discharges Treatment Actions 83 Environmental Protection 84 Taking Action to Preserve Water Resources 86 Developing Circular Management of Our Products 88 Acting for Biodiversity TotalEnergies Marketing and Services employee - Uganda. Manta ray observed from a Field Support Vessel on TotalEnergies’ Block 32 in Angola.

[Page 81] Caring for the Environment

HIGHLIGHTS

TotalEnergies and Veolia join forces for water eﬃciency and circular economy

• In October 2025, TotalEnergies and Veolia signed a memorandum of understanding to step up their cooperation in water resource management and waste recovery.

this ambitious and concrete agreement. It also calls on companies to be transparent across their value chain. This agreement highlights the importance of nature in the broadest sense. It recalls the link between climate and biodiversity, climate change being listed by the IPBES (Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services) as the third leading cause of biodiversity loss.

Our ambition is to place environmental performance at the heart of our projects and operations. For us, it’s a question of operational excellence.

In concrete terms, this means developing our activities, including renewables, while protecting the environments in which we operate, in particular by limiting our discharges.

• Veolia will support TotalEnergies in implementing its ambition to reduce its freshwater withdrawals from sites located in water-stressed areas by 20% in 2030 compared to 2021 and to improve the quality of its discharges. The areas of cooperation include eﬄuent treatment to comply with the target of less than 1 ppm of hydrocarbons on average per year for onshore discharges, process optimization to reduce the water requirements of new facilities, and projects to reuse wastewater from urban treatment plants.

• In addition, Veolia and TotalEnergies will pool their research and innovation capabilities to explore the industrialization of new processes for recovering strategic chemical elements (e.g., rare earths) contained in underutilized waste such as photovoltaic panels, batteries, and permanent magnets from wind turbines. Veolia will also support TotalEnergies in finding solutions for recovering its waste, particularly in geographical areas where waste management systems are still underdeveloped.

N

ature provides a large range of services, known as ecosystem services, which are directly or indirectly necessary for all human activities on earth. We are one of the many players who depend on these services. What’s more, like all human activities, our operations have an impact on ecosystems.

It means taking into account freshwater issues and therefore the preservation of water bodies in our upstream and downstream operations. It means being a player in circularity by developing recovery processes for the waste from our sites, and by making a concrete contribution to this « resource efficiency » particularly through our production of circular polymers. This means acting to protect biodiversity, by paying close attention to land use and making commitments of « net zero deforestation ». Finally, it means integrating these issues into our value chain. In 2025, we made progress in implementing our environmental objectives.

In 2022, the world adopted a Global Biodiversity Framework, with quantified targets for States by 2030. We support

[Page 82] FOCUS

Concrete Examples of Discharges Treatment Actions

“Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change”

Lever 3. Discharges in the environment

the refinery will further improve the quality of its water discharges by adding additional treatment steps to the wastewater from its POX unit.

In my operations, I review all discharges to air, water, oceans and soil, as well as waste, and aim to minimize them in the light of the best available technologies and practices. In my projects, I design installations to minimize pollution and waste.

Castejón CCGT: improving water treatment and reducing associated waste production The Castejón gas-fired power plant in Spain withdraws between 1 and 4 million cubic meters of water per year for its steam and cooling needs, depending on the amount of electricity it generates. The treatment of this water produces sludge, which is disposed of in landfills due to its aluminum content from a chemical used in the treatment process. Approximately 140 tons of sludge had been sent to landfill, representing more than 50% of the total waste produced by the plant. To improve treatment and enable the sludge to be recovered, a new chemical product, an aluminum-free organic coagulant, was identified and tested. The sludge can now be recovered for energy through methanization. By the end of 2025, the rate of waste recovered at the Castejon CCGT has increased from 35% to 97%.

Lacq sulfur pile: recovering low quality sulfur In Lacq, France, 30 kt of low quality sulfur from our historic gas production was destined for landfill. In 2024, thanks to close collaboration between the TotalEnergies and Veolia Agriculture France teams, an innovative agricultural recovery solution was developed to incorporate the sulfur needed for the growth of certain crops into compost. The implementation of this recovery process required the development of specific resources, particularly to manage the risks of sulfur ignition. This process is now also used to recover sulfur from our refineries. In 2025, 300 tons of sulfur from the Grandpuits refinery were recovered. Over the past two years, this recovery process has produced more than 300 kt of sulfur-enriched compost marketed by Veolia Agriculture France.

Recycling sulfur into compost at Grandpuits - France.

Leuna: improving Wastewater Biological Treatment The Leuna refinery in Germany has carried out several initiatives to improve its biological treatment. These actions consisted of adapting eﬄuent monitoring to improve responsiveness in the event of an incident, creating a working group dedicated to solving problems related to stripping units (gas extraction process) that bring a nitrogen load to water treatment, and optimizing the air distribution system for biological treatment. Over the past ten years, the refinery has reduced the concentration of nitrogen discharged into the river by 70% and the concentration of total organic carbon by 6%. In the future,

[Page 83] Environmental Protection

NUMBER OF ACCIDENTAL SPILLS

65

R

educing the environmental risks associated with liquid, gaseous and solid discharges into the environment is our top priority in controlling the environmental impact of our operations.

Sulphur dioxide (SO 2 ) A target of 75% reduction in emissions between 2015 and 2030. In 2025, we reduced these emissions to 19kt SO2, a reduction of 68% compared to 2015.

49

27 24 22

Number of accidental spills of liquid hydrocarbons exceeding one barrel into the environment, excluding acts of sabotage. 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021

100%

Discharge of hydrocarbons into water In January 2022, the Company set itself a 2030 target for the quality of water discharged from our onshore sites. This new target divides by 15 the maximum hydrocarbon content of discharded water compared with the previous Company objective. To date, 82% of onshore sites comply with this strenghtened 1mg/l target. Studies have been launched to improve discharges from sites that have not yet met the new target. At our offshore sites, the average hydrocarbon content of water discharges is 9.9mg/l, well below our objective of keeping it below 30mg/l.

Proportion of our sites that have identiﬁed a risk of accidental pollution that have an anti-pollution plan in place

Preventing the risk of accidental pollution We apply the highest standards to reduce the risks inherent to the nature of our activities: • maritime and river transport of hydrocarbons; selection and vetting of chartered vessels in accordance with the best international standards (OCIMF (1) and EBIS (2) ) and use of Marine Terminal Management and Self Assessment (MTMSA) in operated terminals; • implementation of a Company-wide crisis management system to deal with a major accidental spill, backed up in the field by regular mandatory exercises to test the pollution control plans of Company-operated sites at risk of spills reaching surface water.

OUR DISCHARGE REDUCTION TARGETS -75%

In 2025, several exercises were organized for various entities within the Company, including an exercise involving an offshore crude oil production subsidiary, the Company’s central anti-pollution expertise, the participation of ships at sea to deploy offshore anti-pollution equipment, and drone real-time transmission to the tactical unit.

in 2030 compared with 2015 sulfur dioxide emissions <1 mg/l

(1) Oil Companies International Marine Forum: industry association of the world’s leading oil

in 2030, hydrocarbon content in water discharged from onshore sites

Reducing our industrial discharges Our activities generate emissions such as combustion fumes, atmospheric emissions from transformation processes and water discharges. The Company often goes beyond compliance with applicable regulations to limit the quantities discharged into the various environments:

companies. (2) European Barge Inspection Scheme.

[Page 84] Taking Action to Preserve Water Resources

I

WATER USES IN TOTALENERGIES OPERATED SITES n 2022, we joined the CEO Water Mandate, part of the United Nations Global Compact, joining a platform of over 400 companies committed to advancing water management. A brochure published in 2024 details the actions taken to reduce our footprint on water resources.

Reducing freshwater withdrawals in our direct operations Freshwater represents about 10% of the water used at our operated sites, and we have decided to focus our efforts on this unevenly distributed resource on the planet that we share with our neighbors.

Cooling in open loops

Partly, reinjection into reservoirs

Steam production necessary for industrial processes

Injection into reservoirs at offshore sites

Our target is to reduce our overall freshwater withdrawals by 20% at sites located in water-stressed zones (1) in 2030 compared to 2021. In 2023, we have reassessed the priority sites on the basis of updated projections from the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct tool. Eleven priority sites (2) are now covered by this target. Located mainly in Western Europe, they represent, in 2025, 46% of the Company’s total freshwater withdrawals, i.e. 53Mm 3 .

Cooling in cooling towers (refinery-petrochemical sites, gas power plants)

Production of green hydrogen (after desalination)

Watter supply of fire fighting systems

To a lesser extent: processes, maintenance, sanitary uses

(1) Water-stressed zone 2030: Water-stress zones as defined by WRI (zones in which

Wastewater undergoes appropriate treatment before being released into nature, so as to make it compliant with regulations and our standards.

withdrawals exceed 40% of available resources). (2) Concerned sites are listed in the URD 2024, point 5.2.3.2.

[Page 85] OUR OBJECTIVE OF REDUCING FRESHWATER WITHDRAWALS BY 2030 COMPARED TO 2021

Contributing to collective programs We contribute to the French government’s Water Plan (March 2023) with our sites at Donges (Loire-Atlantique), La Mède and SOBEGI (Pau region).

-20 % by 2030

Promoting access to fresh water for local communities Access to water is fundamental to local development. As part of our activities, we run several programs (WAter, Sanitation and Hygiène (WASH)) to provide access to water for local communities in connection with our operations.

General view of Donges refinery at sunset - France.

Our freshwater withdrawal in areas of water stress

HIGHLIGHTS

The Donges Platform is taking action to preserve water resources

In Argentina, the E&P subsidiary supplies water, notably for breeding and agriculture as well as for human needs in the Neuquén and Tierra del Fuego regions. In Bolivia, the E&P subsidiary supported the creation of a water committee in the communities of Iviyeca and Carapari to improve water supply infrastructure and increase community knowledge of efficient and sustainable water use.

The Donges Platform is one of the fifty industrial sites identified as priorities by the French government’s Water Plan. The refinery has defined and is implementing a roadmap to reduce its drinking water consumption in line with national targets (-10% by 2030).

The actions undertaken focus in particular on improving the reliability of osmosis units, optimizing fire basin management, and maximizing condensate return rates. At the same time, the site is working with local stakeholders to explore the possibility of reusing treated wastewater from the nearby urban wastewater treatment plant in order to strengthen the region’s water resilience.

La Mède bioreﬁnery plans to save 300,000 m 3

Thanks to these actions, the refinery has reduced its water consumption for the firefighting network by around 60% in two years, or 250,000 m³ per year, by implementing dynamic fire basin management that includes rainwater recovery and the use of groundwater that naturally resurfaces on the site. In addition, a 3-point improvement in the efficiency of the osmosis units has significantly reduced the consumption of drinking water required for steam production, representing an annual saving of around 75,000 m³.

of water per year thanks to the installation of a variable ﬂow pump, i.e. 13% of its annual withdrawal

[Page 86] Developing Circular Management of Our Products

HIGHLIGHTS

N-1 CREATING VALUE

PRODUCING

P

E

L

R

FROM CIRCULAR

RESPONSIBLY

C

O

Y

TotalEnergies takes a new step forward in sustainable aviation fuels at Grandpuits

RAW MATERIALS

D

Reduce • Reuse • Recycle

C

U

E

Reduce • Recycle

• 70% recovery of waste from our sites.

C

R

E

Reduce

•  Double the quantity of circular raw materials entering our facilities by 2030.

TotalEnergies is committed to decarbonizing air transport by producing and supplying sustainable aviation fuels (SAF). By 2028, the Company plans to have a production capacity of more than half a million tons of SAF per year to meet the increase in European blending obligations, set at 6% in 2030, compared with 2% in 2025.

• Evaluate our 1,300 priority suppliers concerning their overall sustainable development performance (GHG emissions, biodiversity, water, waste/circularity).

C

•  Achieve a gross production capacity of 10 TWh of biogas in 2030, mainly from waste.

E

O

M

N

U

S

R

Y

E

L

S

B

I

P

S

N

O

OFFERING OUR CUSTOMERS

A RANGE OF LOW-CARBON ENERGY

AND CIRCULAR POLYMERS

To achieve this goal, TotalEnergies will commission its second French biorefinery at the Grandpuits platform in 2026. With a processing capacity of 420 kt/year of waste and residue feedstocks, the biorefinery will be able to produce up to 230 kt/year of SAF from 2026, as well as road biofuels and bionaphtha. A partnership with SARIA guarantees the site's supply of used cooking oils and animal fats.

Rethink usage • Reduce impact • Recycle and develop circularity

• Produce 1 Mt/year of circular polymers in 2030.

M

View of Grandpuits refinery - France.

aking progress in the circularity of our products and waste is another way of reducing our environmental footprint. We do this through our production of biofuels, biogas and circular polymers. At our sites, promoting the circular management of resources starts with responsible management of our waste.

Valorizing waste from our sites In early 2022, we have set ourselves the goal of valorizing over 70% of our waste. Our approach, based on the “ Reduce • Reuse • Recycle • Recover” principle, has enabled us to recover, in 2025, 68% of waste from our operated sites (vs. 71% in 2024). This slight decrease in 2025 is due to a quantity of non recoverable waste related to Companie's projects.

[Page 87] Creating value from circular raw materials Biogas is mainly produced from agricultural waste. Thus, in 2025, we have treated more than 1.5 Mt of agricultural waste in our biomethanizers. For the production of biofuels, we set ourselves the objective of increasing the share of circular raw materials (used oils, animal fats) to more than 75% from 2024 and achieved 98% this year.

Production of recycled polypropylene, view of the silos - Synova plant - Tillères sur Avre - France.

Circular polymers at the heart of our strategy Increasing the circularity of our polymers is essential in the fight against plastic pollution. We offer our customers a range of circular polymers named RE: clic.

We are also working with our stakeholders to reduce the global footprint of plastics: • we develop ecodesign solutions to reduce the amount of material needed for packaging and enable the recycling of plastic waste at the end of its life cycle (monomaterials); • we support regulatory initiatives aimed at banning certain single-use plastic applications; • we are rolling out the Operation Clean Sweep® certification program; • we are involved in coalitions such as the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, of which we are a founding member and which brings together players from the entire plastics value chain, to work on solutions to eliminate plastic waste in the environment.

RE:clic organized around 3 product lines RE:use, polymers containing mechanically recycled plastic. Our subsidiary Synova is the leader on the French market, supplying high-performance recycled polymers to markets such as the automotive industry.

HIGHLIGHTS

RE:build, polymers manufactured by chemical recycling, which converts non-mechanically recyclable waste into raw materials. Chemically recycled polymers can be used for food applications, for example. We currently produce chemically recycled polymers at our Antwerp (Belgium) platform, from pyrolysis oil produced in Europe by Indaver and Plastic Energy. A new waste plastic recycling unit started in Grandpuits (France) in 2025.

RE:newable, our range of biopolymers. TotalEnergies is developing new polymers based on vegetable oils and used cooking oils processed at the La Mède biorefinery in France, and tomorrow at the Grandpuits biorefinery. The TotalEnergies Corbion joint venture produces PLA (polylactic acid), a biosourced, recyclable and biocompostable bioplastic, at its Rayong plant (Thailand) with a capacity of 75kt/year.

Startup of our ﬁrst chemical recycling plant in France In 2025, TotalEnergies and its partner Plastic Energy started France's first chemical recycling plant for plastic waste using pyrolysis at the Grandpuits platform. This facility, which is also the first of its kind for TotalEnergies, will convert 15,000 tons/year of plastic waste by pyrolysis (which involves heating the waste to high temperatures in the absence of oxygen) to obtain a pyrolysis oil called TACOil (Thermal Anaerobic Conversion Oil). TACOil is used in TotalEnergies' units to manufacture polymers of the same quality as virgin polymers, compatible with food use, as a substitute for fossil-based feedstock. It benefits from a longterm commercial agreement between TotalEnergies, Citeo, and Paprec to secure the plant's supply of plastic waste from yellow bins (household packaging in France) and develop France's first chemical recycling sector for plastic film waste.

[Page 88] Acting for Biodiversity

OUR COMMITMENTS

iodiversity action is an engagement driver across all of our sites and underpins an ambition (1) and concrete objectives set across four action axes.

B

Axis 1. Respecting Our Voluntary Exclusion Zones

• No oil or gas exploration or extraction in natural World Heritage Sites UNESCO zones.

• No oil exploration activities in the Arctic sea ice areas.

Our approach is to reconcile energy resources development with biodiversity protection to build a sustainable future. We apply the Mitigation Hierarchy: Avoid-Reduce/Restore - Offset at all our operations and projects.

Axis 2. Managing Biodiversity at Our New Projects

• Implementation of a biodiversity action plan for each new project located in IUCN I to IV and Ramsar areas.

In practice, we implement environmental impact assessments inclusive of biodiversity for all our projects, including for renewable energies, which allows to identify areas of interest and opportunities to limit impacts.

• Production of a positive impact on biodiversity, confirmed by a third-party, for each new project in priority zones (IUCN I to II and Ramsar).

A continuous improvement voluntary approach Our ambition is based on the Act4Nature International (2)

Axis 3. Managing Biodiversity at Our Existing Sites

Burrowing owl at Incahuasi base camp - Bolivia

• Implementation of a biodiversity action plan for each of our environmentally material sites (4) .

voluntary commitments made since 2018. In 2022, we integrated a "zero net deforestation" target for each of our projects located in new locations. We use the United Nations (3) definition of forest, and we compensate on the basis of surface (hectares).

• Assessment of the prospect of creating biodiversity rich areas (habitats for rare species, etc.) for sites that have ceased operations, as an option for their rehabilitation.

Axis 4. Promoting Biodiversity

With our Sustainab’ALL program launched in 2023, our commitment to deploy actions to support biodiversity now applies to all our operated sites.

• Promotion of biodiversity to youth, our employees, and sharing biodiversity data collected from our projects on the international GBIF (5) platform. (1) Refer to additional ambition details on our website. (2) http://www.act4nature.com/entreprises-engagees-2018/ (3) Forest: land larger than 0.5 ha with trees higher than 5 m and a canopy cover of more

than 10%, or trees capable of reaching these thresholds in situ (source: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations). (4) Sites of the affiliates in production of the upstream oil and gas activities, refineries,

petrochemical sites, gas-fired power plants operated by the Company. (5) Global Biodiversity Information Facility.

[Page 89] PERCENTAGE SHARE OF MITIGATION ACTIONS (AVOID • REDUCE/RESTORE • OFFSET) FOR BIODIVERSITY

Avoidance actions E.g.: Planning activities outside sensitive periods

Reduction actions E.g.: Reducing light and/or noise pollution

Additional conservation actions E.g.: Sponsorship in favour of biodiversity

2%

23%

Axis 4. The TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation has supported 14 projects, including the "Oceano pour tous" competition run by the Oceanographic Institute - Albert 1er, Prince of Monaco Foundation, which aims at helping schoolchildren discover the ocean. 28 datasets from our projects in Argentina, Brazil, Yemen and Namibia have been shared with the GBIF. Since 2020, the shared data has been cited in 370 scientific publications. As a member of the Ocean Decade Corporate Data Group, TotalEnergies contributed to the development of the guide on marine megafauna data sharing published in 2025 by UNESCO's Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission, drawing on its more than five years of experience in data sharing on the GBIF. In addition, in 2025, the Company's Action! Program raised awareness of biodiversity among 3,080 employees.

54%

10%

Our progress in 2025: 100% of our material sites for the environment have a Biodiversity Action Plan Axis 3. In 2025, 100% of our material industrial sites (1) for the environment have a biodiversity action plan currently being deployed, in line with our objective. The most common actions of these biodiversity action plans include reducing light and noise pollution, restoring terrestrial habitats, controlling invasive species, creating fauna species refugia, or setting up partnerships with local NGOs. The percentage distribution of Mitigation Hierarchy actions of the biodiversity action plans are presented in the figure opposite and are monitored using response indicators. Sites interactions with protected and sensitive areas are recorded annually and inform biodiversity action plans. 14 of our sites that have ceased operations initiated biodiversity restoration assessment or deployed restoration actions.

HIGHLIGHTS

Furthermore, in 2025:

11%

TotalEnergies and the NGO Fauna & Flora: a concrete collaboration in favor of biodiversity

Axis 1. We have respected our voluntary exclusion zones.

Offset actions E.g.: Creation of a wetland

Restoration actions E.g.: Forest restoration

Axis 2. We are deploying two biodiversity action plans on our new projects located in the most sensitive protected areas, notably the Tilenga project in Uganda which has a biodiversity net gain target. For example, elephant movements in the Murchison Falls Park in Uganda are being monitored using GPS collars, in partnership with the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) NGO, to determine their movement patterns and areas of occurrence.

In 2025, TotalEnergies and the international NGO Fauna & Flora strengthened their collaboration to better integrate biodiversity into the Company's activities. This includes the development of mitigation measures for the management of spiny-tailed lizard populations at photovoltaic sites in the Middle East and a multi-site action plan for the Central Asian tortoise in Uzbekistan linked to the expansion of the Tutly photovoltaic site. The good practices implemented at this site were presented jointly with Fauna & Flora at the IUCN World Conservation Congress in Abu Dhabi in October 2025. On a global scale, TotalEnergies has joined the Invasive Alien Species Collaborative Initiative led by Fauna & Flora on invasive alien species and participates in the IUCN's Renewables for Nature initiative aimed at establishing good practices for biodiversity in renewable energy activities, of which Fauna & Flora is a founding member.

Zero Net Deforestation objective: By the end of 2025, the Company has accumulated a net deforestation of 141 ha. The necessary compensation measures have been identified and are scheduled to be implemented between 2026 and 2027.

(1) Excluding newly acquired sites in 2024 and 2025 wich have 2 years to comply.

[Page 90] Having a Positive Impact for Stakeholders

Dayapar wind farm - Gujarat - India.

91 Having a Positive Impact for Stakeholders 92 Upholding Human Rights 94 Promoting Fiscal Transparency and Fighting Corruption 95 Engaging with Our Stakeholders 96 Dialogue with Investors 97 Share Value with Our Host Communities 98 Focus. Uganda and Tanzania: Tilenga and EACOP Projects 99 Focus. Iraq: the Gas Growth Integrated Project (GGIP) 100 Making a Commitment to Young People 101 Accessible and Aﬀordable Energy for All 102 Working Alongside Our Suppliers 103 Focus. TotalEnergies in France: Local Anchoring

[Page 91] Having a Positive Impact for Stakeholders

“Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change”

human rights . It also involves promoting tax transparency and the fight against corruption .

Lever 4. Our Communities

E

nergy is at the heart of the most daunting challenges of the 21 st century, defined in the U.N.’s 2030 Agenda in the form of its 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) formulated in 2015.

I know the neighbors of my site and my stakeholders; I engage and maintain a constructive dialogue with them, including through the careful handling of complaints. I anticipate this dialogue right from the design stage of a new project.

Supplying energy indeed contributes to the development of our societies which have seen an increase in life expectancy of around 15 years over the last half a century (1) , while the number of people living in extreme poverty has decreased significantly (2) .

Having a positive impact for our stakeholders entails understanding their expectations, which requires constructive dialogue and reporting on our actions with transparency. It also means sharing the value with our host communities , by promoting local development and ensuring that they benefit from the economic outcomes of our projects, through employment and training for example, with particular attention paid to youth and their professional integration.

This spectacular progress nevertheless masks severe disparities. And it was largely achieved through the use of fossil energies, resulting in a very sharp increase in CO 2 emissions, which are the main cause of the climate change we can observe today.

Beyond all the actions taken to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and those of our customers presented in the corresponding chapters, TotalEnergies also contributes to making energy accessible and affordable for all , for example by developing Clean Cooking, while, in 2023, 666 million people in the world still did not have access to electricity and 2.1 billion to Clean Cooking (3) .

The positive impact of the Company is finally manifested by the sharing of the economic value that it creates which benefits its employees , the States , its shareholders and its economic partners, including its suppliers .

Dialogue with the local communities - Uganda.

In this situation, exacerbated by geopolitical upheavals, pressure is growing on energy companies to meet a wide range of occasionally conﬂicting expectations. These demands are legitimate, reﬂecting people’s aspiration to build a more responsible and more equitable world, while ensuring that the required transition is as fair as possible. By aiming to provide more affordable, more available and more sustainable energy to as many people as possible, the Company’s activities contribute to this and have a positive impact for its stakeholders.

(1) Between 1970 and 2020. Source: data.un.org. (2) Source: data.un.org. (3) https://cdn.who.int/media/docs/default-source/air-pollution-documents/air-quality-andThis impact is based first of all on the values and principles of action that TotalEnergies applies in its operations, described in our Code of Conduct, which notably recalls our commitment to respect internationally recognized

health/sdg7-report-2025.pdf

[Page 92] Upholding Human Rights

OUR SALIENT RISKS

HIGHLIGHTS

Use of External Experts

R

When the context of a project is complex, we seek the advice of third parties.

HUMAN RIGHTS AND SECURITY

espect for Each Other is a core value at TotalEnergies, at the heart of our collective ethics and our Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct applies to all our employees, as well as to our suppliers and contractors. Respect for Each Other means respect for human rights, which are non-negotiable in our operations around the world. It is a collective and individual requirement.

HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE WORKPLACE

HUMAN RIGHTS AND LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Our salient risks of impacting human rights break down into three categories.

In 2025, the Canadian firm Land & People Planning Ltd conducted an independent assessment on the land acquisition, resettlement and livelihood restoration program implemented for the Tilenga Project in Uganda.The report concludes that the program was implemented in line with the Project’s land acquisition and resettlement commitments, aligned with IFC Performance Standard 5, with no material systemic deficiencies.

The report states that “compensation, replacement house handover, and a majority of livelihood mitigations have been completed and that the Project is now well positioned to transition toward Resettlement Action Plan closure”.

OUR COMMITMENTS

Based on the recommendations of this report, TotalEnergies EP Uganda will implement an action plan covering:

- a monitoring of the livelihood restoration,

Our Code of Conduct

- tailored assistance for potentially vulnerable households,

- a strenghtening of tracking and communication tools for grievance management,

Compliance with international standards and principles:

- a focused engagement plan dedicated to Resettlement Action Plan closure and livelihoods programming closure,

- integration of gender in closure reporting, and

• Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) • The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises

1. Human rights in the workplace We take action against all forms of discrimination, forced labor and child labor; ensure just and favorable conditions of work and safety and require the same of our suppliers in their operations. In the field, we emphasize training to explain, anticipate and prevent human rights risks. In 2025, more than 3,000 employees participated in classroom training and since 2019, more than 75,000 have received the online training on human rights in the workplace. We are also engaged in conducting external audits of our affiliates using the consulting firm GoodCorporation. In 2025, 6 assessments were conducted (Spain, Turkey, Dominican Republic, Brazil, United Kingdom and Ghana). In 2025, the Company reached its target set in 2023 of assessing its 1,300 priority suppliers. Of the 800 suppliers evaluated on site in more than 75 countries, more than 400 have implemented a corrective action plan.

- the completion of an independent third-party audit, following the closure process.

• Universal Declaration of Human Rights • United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP) • Fundamental Conventions of the ILO

[Page 93] HIGHLIGHTS

More than 450

2. Human rights and local communities In our projects, we conduct specific due diligence as soon as studies begin, to identify the potential negative pacts of our activities on local communities, as well as appropriate remediation plans, in accordance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP). We pay particular attention to salient risks concerning access to land, the right to health and to an adequate standard of living. We are setting up mechanisms to manage grievances in our affiliates.

people trained in VPSHR by TotalEnergies’ Security division in 2025 190

reports logged through the address ethics@totalenergies.com

GRIEVANCES MANAGEMENT IN OUR AFFILIATES 2,252

grievances logged in 2025

3. Human rights and security The intervention of government forces or private security companies may be necessary to protect the Companyís personnel and facilities. To prevent the risk of disproportionate use of force, TotalEnergies implement the VPSHR. We make sure that the personnel assigned to this mission have been vetted and received adequate training. In 2025, over 450 people have been trained by TotalEnergies' Security division on the VPSHR. We perform analyses each year to assess human rights risks linked to our security activities at our sites and publish annually a VPSHR report (1) .

Resolution rate 92%

READ J-C RUFIN REPORT

Listening to whistleblowers The Chairman of the Company’s Ethics Committee reports directly to the Chairman and CEO and oversees a network of more than 100 Ethics Officers. The Ethics Committee maintains a system for reporting situations or behavior that violate the Code of Conduct, including a grievance reporting mechanism (via the address ethics@totalenergies.com) accessible to all employees internally and to external stakeholders. In 2025, 190 reports were logged, over 65% of which concerned issues related to human resources.

Mozambique LNG project The restart of activities was announced in January 2026, following the decision to lift the Force Majeure declared in 2021. Respect for human rights is a commitment and continuous focal point for Mozambique LNG in the frame of the project which faces significant social challenges including the displacement of households within the area of construction of the facilities. Following stakeholder consultations and National Resettlement Committee recoemmendations, 100% of families whose residences were impacted were relocated. At year end 2025, the Resettlement Plan's land based compensation activities were completed. A grievance mechanism is implemented. The independent mission to assess the humanitarian situation in the province of Cabo Delgado in Mozambique, entrusted in 2022 to Jean-Christophe Rufin, highlighted the execution quality and the positive impact of the actions undertaken by Mozambique LNG. In 2024, Jean-Christophe Rufin led a follow-up mission which concluded that the recommendations were being implemented. End 2025, articles were published regarding alleged severe abuses that would have been carried out by Mozambican soldiers on the Mozambique LNG site, in 2021. Mozambique LNG stated that it had no knowledge of those alleged events and that, before the publication of these allegations, it had never received any information indicating that such events took place, despite maintaining a close communication with the local communities. Based on a review of documents and information available at the time of the alleged facts, Mozambique LNG has not identified any information nor evidence that would corroborate the allegations of severe abuses. In March 2025, the Attorney General of Mozambique has publicly confirmed the opening of a criminal investigation into these allegations of abuses. At the request of TotalEnergies, the Mozambican Commission on Human rights (CNDH) announced in March 2025 that it will carry out its own assessment of all relevant information to ensure that the facts are duly ascertained and that the rights of the parties involved are fully respected. According to the press release published March 13 th , 2026: “ After analysing the information collected, the CNDH informs that, up to this moment, no evidence has been found that confirm allegations of torture or summary executions within the perimeter of the Mozambique LNG Project, as reported by the international press .” (1) https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/reports-and-indicators/csr-reports-reportingstandards/vpshr

[Page 94] Promoting Fiscal Transparency and Fighting Corruption

ZERO TOLERANCE TOWARDS CORRUPTION

W

e work with governments to promote fiscal transparency and fight corruption, helping to create the right environment for socio-economic development.

policy and provides detailed information on TotalEnergies’ global tax contribution, as well as on taxes due, country by country, in the EU, in so-called uncooperative or taxpreferred states and in all countries with extractive activity (thus covering more than 70 countries and more than 90% of the tax burden).

In 2025, nearly 10,000

employees have taken the online anti-corruption training course

HIGHLIGHTS

Fighting corruption TotalEnergies is exposed to corruption risks owing to its presence in certain countries that have a high perceived level of corruption according to the index drawn up by Transparency International. We apply a principle of zero tolerance for corruption among our employees and suppliers. We promote the Code of Conduct as a mean of communicating our values both internally and externally.

Anti-corruption: Our actions in 2025

Sharing value with governments TotalEnergies pays its fair share of taxes, making a contribution to the economic development of its host countries. In 2025, the amount of current income tax and production taxes paid by the Company across all operations, came to just over 19B$ and the average tax rate was 40.5%. Payments made by the Company’s extracting entities to governments or territories in which we operate amounted to 24.5B$ in 2025 (mainly taxes, duties and production rights). At the other end of the value chain, product retail, the Company collects excise taxes for government from consumers of energy products. In 2025, we collected 18.9B$ in excise taxes on petroleum products.

• In 2025, nearly 10,000 employees have taken the online training course, in addition to the employees already trained. Webinars designed to train the populations most exposed to the risk of corruption continued to be rolled out towards the initial target population, representing close to 20,000 employees.

• 18 entities were evaluated in 2025.

At the occasion of its 25 years of existence, in 2025, our annual Business Ethics Day event was dedicated to it on the theme « Code of conduct, 25 years of shared values ». Our employees are encouraged to put the principles of the Code of Conduct into practice on a daily basis, and to be ambassadors of them to all those who work with and for us.

Promoting ﬁscal transparency TotalEnergies is a member of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) since its creation in 2003. As early as 2014, the Company made its tax policy public, which is approved by the Board of Directors and regularly updated. We also publicly endorse the Responsible Tax Principles developed by the B Team.

• About 280 incidents relating to fraud (excluding attempted fraud), corruption or inﬂuence peddling were recorded and resulted, when they concerned an employee, in around 170 disciplinary actions including dismissal in line with the zero-tolerance principle enshrined in the Code of Conduct.

The Company published early 2026 a fiscal transparency report (1) , as every year since fiscal year 2019, in line with GRI recommendations. This report describes the Company's tax

To take action in all areas of its value chain, TotalEnergies has made preventing and fighting the risk of conﬂicts of interest and corruption part of its Responsible Purchasing Program. The tool which was launched at the end of 2023 to facilitate systematic checks during the supplier evaluation process continued to be deployed within the Company. (1) https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/our-approach/esg-documentation

[Page 95] Engaging with Our Stakeholders

ECONOMIC SPHERE

O

PUBLIC AUTHORITIES

Employees and their Representatives Investors and Shareholders, Customers / Suppliers Professional Associations

TotalEnergies is also a member of a number of coalitions and think-tanks committed to advancing corporate sustainability, such as the WBSCD, the Global Compact, CSR Europe, le Collectif des entreprises pour une Economie plus inclusive (the Collective of companies for a more inclusive economy), ORSE and EpE (1) .

Host Countries Authorities Administrations

MAPPING OF OUR MAIN STAKEHOLDERS ur activities directly or indirectly concern a very large number of stakeholders. With growing expectations of businesses, legitimate questions are raised about our strategy, how we implement it and the impact it has. We organize discussion channels in order to dialogue with all stakeholders and pay particular attention to any controversies raised.

The main controversies that we faced in 2025 related to:

HIGHLIGHTS

• the pace and the reality of our transition strategy:

Papua New Guinea - Independent Panel

• our climate impact, and particularly that of new oil and gas production projects;

• the role of Nature-Based Solutions projects;

• LNG’s role in ensuring security of supply, the viability of investments in LNG and the emissions associated with its production and transport;

The advisory panel of experts set up in 2022 in Papua New Guinea met 10 times since its launch, including two in 2025. Sessions include site and community tours. 53 recommendations on the conduct of the project with regard to local communities and biodiversity were formulated and published, 41 of which were followed by concrete actions, either completed or in progress (2) .

France - Exchanges with Local Players

• human rights and the impact of our activities or that of our partners on local communities, particularly those concerned in Uganda and Tanzania by the Tilenga-EACOP projects, in Mozambique by the Mozambique LNG project;

CIVIL SOCIETY

• the impact of our operations on the environment and health;

Neighboring and Local Communities Institutions and Multilateral Agencies Universities and Research Centers Experts and Researchers /NGOs / Media

(1) TotalEnergies has been a member of the World Business Council for Sustainable

On the ground, all over the world, we work hand in hand with civil society including local NGOs, the business world and public authorities. These relationships enable us to identify priority needs, and contribute to taking a responsible approach in our operations.

The « Territoires des Energies et au-delà » regional think tanks, launched in 2022 by the Direction France of the Company, brought together more than 1,100 local stakeholders, members of the business world, civil society, public authorities and elected representatives to discuss the challenges of energy transition and economic development at local level. In 2025, a cycle of meetings was organized in each region on the role of energy sobriety in the reduction of consumption and as a lever of environmental impact reduction. This initiative resulted in a publication called "Energy sobriety a collective challenge at the heart of our regions" (3) .

Development since 2014, the United Nations Global Compact since 2002, the Corporate Sustainability and Responsibility network since 2016, the Collective since 2002, the Observatoire de la responsabilité sociétale des entreprises since 2000 and of EpE (Entreprises pour l’Environnement) since 1992. (2) They are all made public on the site papualng.com.pg. (3) https://direction-france.totalenergies.fr/publication-dun-livre-blanc-sur-la-sobriete-undefi-collectif-au-coeur-des-territoires

[Page 96] Dialogue with Investors

SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE

In % excluding treasury shares

W

Rest of the World

e deeply value the dialogue with all our shareholders, with whom the members of the Executive Committee, the Lead Independent Director and the Investor Relations team regularly engage about the Company’s strategy and sustainability policy

An attractive shareholder return policy TotalEnergies has not reduced its dividend since 1982. The Company’s financial strength enables it to successfully implement its transition strategy and offer shareholders an attractive return policy.

Individual Shareholders

4.3 16.9

North America

9.2

Company Employees

38.2

Over the past 10 years, the average annual gross dividend yield has been 5.7%. In 2025, in addition to the 5.6% increase in quarterly interim dividends, a 7.5 B$ share buyback program has been implemented. Payout to shareholders represented therefore 55% of cash ﬂow in 2025, in line with the objective of maintaining the latter above 40%.

Investors: ongoing demanding and fruitful dialogue In addition to engagement on financial matters, the Company has developed a shareholder engagement program on extra-financial themes. This program allows for regular interactions with shareholders, throughout the year, on Company strategy, climate policy and sustainability issues as well as governance practices.

HIGHLIGHTS

31.5

France: individual and employee shareholders

Institutional Investors Europe

74%

The years 2024 and 2025 were marked by a strengthened dialogue with institutional investors in France, notably at the regional level during events dedicated to the financial community. In parallel, TotalEnergies has observed a sharp increase in the number of French individual shareholders, rising from 567,000 at the end of 2023 to 730,000 at the end of 2025 - an increase of 163,000 in two years. More than 6% of TotalEnergies’ share capital is thus held by French individual shareholders.

In 2025, more than 1,000 meetings were held with investors (individual meetings and roadshows) worldwide, of which more than 450 were dedicated to extra-financial issues. Ahead of the Annual General Meeting, the Lead Independent Director also maintained a particularly active dialogue with shareholders totaling nearly a quarter of TotalEnergies’ capital. Furthermore, a site visit was organized in Uganda in June 2025, to allow institutional shareholders to discover the Tilenga and EACOP sites and to engage with various stakeholders.

+80,000

French individual shareholders in 2025, i.e. +13% in one year

Furthermore, 80% of TotalEnergies’ employees in France are also shareholders. This strong momentum enabled TotalEnergies to confirm once again this year its position as the No. 1 employee shareholding company in Europe by value of shares held and was rewarded with the Grand Prize from the French Federation of Employee Shareholding.

The dialogue is also particularly active with the individual shareholders, who are informed of the Company’s news via dedicated publications, take part in visits organized with the Shareholders’ Club, and with whom we interact through the Shareholder Advisory Committee.

[Page 97] Share Value with Our Host Communities

SOCIO-ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES

7%

O

12%

2%

7%

2%

36%

6%

ur operations involve close interaction with local communities in our host countries. Our vision of shared prosperity is based on three principles: dialogue and engagement with all our host communities, which are based on Lever 4 of "Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change" program; assessing and reducing the impact of our operations, and contributing to local social and economic development that meets the needs of the communities.

Building ties with host communities Our employees have the opportunity to get involved in causes close to where they work. The Action! employee community volunteering program launched in 2018 enables all employees to donate up to 3 workdays a year to local causes. These are opportunities to play a part in achieving the Company’s aim of driving positive change locally. In 2025, close to 10,000 employees took part in nearly 14,000 citizenship initiatives worldwide as part of this program.

2%

9%

9% 5% 3%

HIGHLIGHTS

Suriname: the GranMorgu project

Road safety Youth inclusion and education Cultural dialogue and heritage Climate, coastal areas and oceans Humanitarian and emergency relief Support for local economic development

Energy access Health access Access to water and sanitation Environment Public infrastructure and equipment Good neighbor and solidarity initiatives

Contributing to local development Long-term operations in a territory means developing profitable, sustainable projects. TotalEnergies is committed to prioritizing local jobs and subcontracting locally wherever possible, in accordance with operational constraints, and strives to integrate its industrial activities into the local ecosystem. For example, the Le Havre South urban heat network was extended in 2025 in order to be fed with TotalEnergies Normandy platform industrial heat. By reducing gas utilization, this project will allow to heat more than 12,000 households in Le Havre and avoid the emission of 16,000 tons of CO 2 per year.

Suriname has entrusted TotalEnergies with the development of the Sapakara and Krabdagu discoveries in Block 58. A significant part of the investment will be made locally, contributing to local employment and the economic development of the country. Overall, local content is estimated to be more than 1B$ over the duration of the project and more than 6,000 jobs, direct, indirect and induced, are expected to be created in Suriname. By end 2025, 65 direct jobs have been created. In 2025, the project has supported scholarships and road safety campaigns at school. The maternal and child health services of two main Paramaribo hospitals benefitted from a support aiming at modernizing and reinforcing theirs installations.

In addition to jobs and using local suppliers for projects, we support education and getting young people into employment, protecting cultural heritage, access to water, health and road safety, which all contribute to reduce inequality. In 2025, nearly 1,600 initiatives were supported in these areas.

[Page 98] FOCUS

Uganda and Tanzania: Tilenga and EACOP Projects

of this report, TotalEnergies EP Uganda will implement an action plan (read p. 92).

Uganda’s Lake Albert region is rich in oil resources. Uganda has awarded TotalEnergies a development contract for the Tilenga project. The oil produced will be transported to the port of Tanga in Tanzania via a pipeline over 1,400 km long, built and operated by EACOP (TotalEnergies (62%), UNOC and TPDC (15%), CNOOC (8%)).

Contributing to socio-economic development These two projects will have a significant impact on the Ugandan and Tanzanian economies. By the end of 2025, the construction phase had created more than 24,300 direct jobs and 1.5 B$ had been spent locally. Some 2.7 million hours of training have been provided, with 40% of technical skills applicable to other industries.

In addition to the audit and grievance mechanisms already existing to ensure that the rights of our suppliers’ employees are respected, a "workers’ voice survey" pilot project has been in place since 2023 at the EACOP and Tilenga projects. The aim is to consult employees directly about their working conditions. The results of these surveys are shared with suppliers, who then implement appropriate action plans.

Respecting the rights of stakeholders Like any infrastructure construction project anywhere in the world, the Tilenga and EACOP projects require land acquisition. This process, conducted by TotalEnergies and EACOP on behalf of the Ugandan and Tanzanian governments, is carried out in compliance with the IFC’s demanding performance standards (International Finance Corporation).

Numerous socio-economic development initiatives have been carried out by the Tilenga project in the areas of road safety, access to health, drinking water, education, promotion of cultural heritage, and diversity, and inclusion of young people. For example, since 2013, 471 students from communities near the site have benefited from scholarships, including 214 women; 200 young people have been trained with the help of the Uganda Petroleum Institute and more than 3,600 Ugandan nationals have received vocational training.

Taking care of the environment In line with its biodiversity ambition, TotalEnergies is implementing actions to restore and enhance the environment with the aim of achieving a net gain for biodiversity in the Murchinson Falls Park as part of the Tilenga project. The footprint of the facilities was limited to 0.03% of the park’s surface area, and the visual and noise footprint was reduced.

By the end of 2025, 99.2% of compensation agreements have been paid, 98.8% of the livelihood restoration programs have been implemented and all relocation houses have been built and handed over to households, who benefited from dedicated support. TotalEnergies EP Uganda reported on these activities in a social report for the Tilenga project perimeter in 2025 (1) .

Following the commitment made by TotalEnergies in 2024, an independent assessment has been conducted by the Canadian firm Land & People Planning Ltd on the land acquisition, resettlement and livelihood restoration program implemented. Based on the recommendations

Since the beginning of the project, 305 anti-poaching patrols were conducted in partnership with the Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA). TotalEnergies EP Uganda implements the ecological restoration works along the pipeline Right of Way, 60% of which have been completed in 2025. Support was provided to the Uganda Wildlife Authority, allowing for the development in 2025 of an Intervention and Human-Fauna Conﬂict Management Plan.

A girafe near TotalEnergies’ industrial site - Uganda.

(1) https://totalenergies.ug/peoples-well-being

[Page 99] FOCUS

Iraq: the Gas Growth Integrated Project (GGIP)

The GGIP multi-energy project was launched in Iraq in 2023 by TotalEnergies (45%, operator), alongside its partners Basra Oil Company (30%) and QatarEnergy (25%).

Initiatives to support local communities Health and safety initiatives were launched in 2025, particularly in vulnerable and isolated areas. An awareness program on explosive remnants of war (ERW) was rolled out in some communities in the Al-Zubair district, in coordination with local authorities and specialized partners.

GGIP Project - Iraq.

Access to reliable energy was improved through the installation of photovoltaic systems in schools and health centers in Al-Luhais and Umm Eneij, improving the availability of electricity and the continuity of educational and health services.

In the rural communities of Al-Luhais and Umm Eneij, 276 tons of agricultural tarpaulins were distributed to more than 320 farms, supporting greenhouse farming and crop protection. This intervention reduces losses, improves productivity, and enhances the income stability of farming households.

This 4-in-1 project includes: • the recovery of gas currently ﬂared at three oil fields in the south of the country. Once processed, the gas will be transported to provide fuel for local power plants, improving the region's electricity supply. Eliminating ﬂaring at these three fields will reduce CO 2 emissions by approximately 6 Mt per year. • the construction of a 1 GW solar farm. It will supply electricity to 350,000 homes in the region, while avoiding the emission of 2 Mt CO 2 per year. • the redevelopment of the Ratawi oil field to reach 120,000 and then 210,000 bpd. • the construction of a seawater treatment plant that will help alleviate water stress in the region and is expected to free up to 250,000 m 3 of freshwater per day for irrigation and local agricultural needs.

Socio-economic beneﬁts of the project The GGIP project represents a major investment in the Basra region, with more than 10,000 direct and indirect jobs expected to be created. The local content policy is based on the recruitment and development of local talent (the project anticipates that more than 85% of direct jobs will be filled by Iraqis), contracting with Iraqi companies, and strengthening local skills.

All four parts of the project are now in the execution phase.

HIGHLIGHTS

Dialogue with local communities

The project works closely with contractors to promote local employment, to strengthen training, and to ensure that unskilled positions are filled primarily by residents of nearby communities. In 2025, a Supplier Day brought together more than 100 companies. To date, 7,300 workers have been mobilized, including 5,200 Iraqis, and approximately 11,000 will be employed at the peak of the construction.

More than 10,000

direct and indirect jobs expected to be created

In 2025, the project maintained an ongoing dialogue with local stakeholders. It took particular care to include vulnerable populations, notably through community liaison officers recruited from neighboring communities. More than 1,100 meetings were held, a grievance management system was put in place, and a toll-free telephone line was set up to provide all stakeholders with an easy way to contact the project.

[Page 100] Making a Commitment to Young People

VIA ROAD SAFETY EDUCATION PROGRAM

T

particular the youngest users, for whom this is the leading cause of death. By sharing our expertise in schools for example with the VIA program, we are contributing to support reaching SDG 3.6.

he Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), particularly those related to employment and education, are at the heart of youth development. TotalEnergies takes action to give them the means to take charge of their own futures, focusing on the most vulnerable.

We also support NGOs such as the International Road Federation (IRF) for the creation of an international register of 450 auditors accredited in road infrastructures evaluation. We also support the IRF for the development of a digital platform providing free access to worldwide reference road statistics, in order to speed up the implementation of more efficient and informed road safety policies.

TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation VIA Project - road safety awareness - Suriname.

HIGHLIGHTS

1,000,000 youth trained with VIA

Helping young people to ﬁnd work TotalEnergies takes an active approach as an employer: at the end of 2025, we again largely fulfilled our commitment to welcoming 2,000 work-study students per year into our teams in France, including 10% work-study students from priority neighborhoods (Quartiers Prioritaires de la Ville (QPV) or Zones de Revitalisation Rurales (ZRR)). At the end of 2025, more than 2,300 work-study students were present (over 7% of our workforce in France), including about 12% from priority neighborhoods.

Launched in 2019 and supported by the Company’s subsidiaries, VIA is celebrating in 2025 1 million youth trained in 44 countries. This educative program trains young people to become ambassadors of a safe mobility. They observe and identify risks, come up with recommandations and initiate awareness initiatives in neighboring communities in order to improve safety in travels to school.

At the end of 2025, 1,000,000

youth trained, since the start of the program

Our Corporate Foundation

The Company also takes action through its Corporate Foundation, which in 2020 created L’Industreet in Stains, Seine-Saint-Denis. L’Industreet is a campus providing free professional training for young people in industrial sectors struggling to recruit. At the end of 2025, it was hosting 309 18to-30 year-olds for training and 187 obtained their qualification in 2025. The Corporate Foundation also contributed to the opening of a further 6 Production Schools in 2025, bringing the total to 77, as part of a 60 M€ partnership over 10 years.

3.6 Road traffic injuries By 2030, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents

Created in 1992, the TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation supports young people, especially the most vulnerable. To this end, it is mobilizing alongside its partners in four priority areas: inclusion and education; road safety; climate, coastal areas and oceans; cultural dialogue and heritage. In 2025, the Corporate Foundation support to its partners reached 45 M€ (https://fondation.totalenergies.com/en).

Making the roads safer We are committed to road safety for our operations and our customers, to make the roads safer for all users, in

[Page 101] Accessible and Aﬀordable Energy for All

UNIVERSAL ACCESS TO CLEAN ENERGY

U

niversal access to clean energy is one of the main aims of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. TotalEnergies’ mission is to deliver energy that is more available, more affordable, more sustainable and accessible to the greatest number of people.

In 2025, 65M

beneﬁciaries of our bottled LPG sales in Africa and Asia

will invest more than 400 M$ in the development of LPG for cooking. In 2025, TotalEnergies distributed 1,030 kt of bottled LPG in Africa (in the following countries and territories: Mozambique, Tanzania, Rwanda, Namibia, Senegal, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, South Africa, Kenya, Uganda, Togo, Morocco, Tunisia, Gabon, Mauritius, Burkina Faso, Mayotte and La Reunion) and Asia (in India and Vietnam) serving more than 16 million households and around 65 million people.

The energy transition relies in part on using more electricity, to which we have devoted nearly 3G$ of our investments in 2025. We estimate that around a third of our development will be in emerging countries, as described in our SDG7 Energy Compact (1) which will enable around 40 million people to benefit from decent or more reliable access to energy for the first time by 2030.

HIGHLIGHTS

Access to clean energy for cooking, is another essential prerequisite for economic and social development in emerging countries. Today, 2.1 billion people in the world do not have access to it (2) .

Rwanda: TotalEnergies joins forces with DelAgua to bring clean cooking into 200,000 households

Clean cooking - Rwanda.

By substituting Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG - a fossil fuel) in the form of bottled gas for wood and charcoal, “Clean Cooking” has a positive effect on people’s health, the environment and the economy (3) . LPG is indeed more efficient for cooking, emits less CO 2 and particles harmful to health than charcoal. It also reduces some of the negative impacts of traditional biomass use, notably on women (time saved facilitating access to education and employment) and on the environment (deforestation).

(1) https://www.un.org/en/energycompacts/page/registry#TotalEnergiesSE. (2) https://trackingsdg7.esmap.org/sites/default/files/download-documents/SDG7In 2025, TotalEnergies has partnered with DelAgua to distribute improved cookstoves to hundreds of thousands of Rwandans. This initiative supports Rwanda’s ambition to bring clean cooking to everyone by 2030. Thanks to funding from TotalEnergies, DelAgua will distribute 200,000 highperformance cookstoves within one year for the benefit of more than 800,000 Rwandans living in rural areas. Their use reduces harmful smoke emissions by 81% compared to traditional open fires and reduces wood consumption by 71%. The project should also prevent the emission of more than 2.5 million tons of CO 2 equivalent over the next ten years and will generate certified carbon credits.

In May 2024, the Company announced its ambition to give access to Clean Cooking to 100 million people in Africa and India by 2030. To achieve this, the Company

Report2025-0804-V11.pdf (3) www.cleancooking.org.

[Page 102] Working Alongside Our Suppliers

SUPPLIERS EVALUATIONS

T

otalEnergies works with over 100,000 suppliers of goods and services worldwide, for a total spend of around 35 B$ in 2025. We can play a major role in encouraging our suppliers to improve their sustainability.

Since 2023, more than 1,300

Axis 5 - Support of suppliers The Company ensures that its suppliers are committed to continuous progress. In 2025, it organized meetings to provide support to suppliers, following documentary and on site evaluations. In this context, it also conducted training in collaboration with the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) supply chain program, allowing them to gain maturity and adopt objectives to reduce their emissions.

Axis 1 - Training our buyers By the end of 2025, 93% of TotalEnergies’ central procurement function had been trained in sustainable procurement. Additional awareness-raising actions are regularly carried out through thematic webinars.

documentary and on site evaluations 800

on-site evaluations

Axis 2 - Raising awareness of suppliers The Company regularly raises awareness among its suppliers regarding sustainable development, through supplier days such as in the United Arab Emirates in 2025, and also through dedicated training sessions.

HIGHLIGHTS

On-site supplier evaluation as a lever for improvement

Corrective action plans implemented following on-site evaluations by 400

suppliers

Axis 3 - Integration of our sustainability requirements into our purchasing process TotalEnergies ensures the integration of societal and environmental criteria at key stages of the purchasing process. Since 2024, synthesis tools enable buyers to look up suppliers’ maturity with regard to the various aspects of sustainability. This maturity is assessed by means of documentary or on-site evaluations as well as on the basis of their climate commitments.

Since 2023, the Company has conducted 800 on-site evaluations over the following topics: respect for human rights, environment and climate. These evaluations allowed to remind suppliers about their obligations regarding our contractual agreements and local regulations, and to identify concrete axes of progress.

As an example, in Africa, 15 suppliers of the Company for packaging improved their practices in terms of waste management (transportation, storage up to final treatment) following such evaluations.

Axis 4 - Evaluating our suppliers In 2025, the Company reached its target set in 2023 of assessing its 1,300 priority suppliers on all aspects of sustainable development.

[Page 103] FOCUS

TotalEnergies in France: Local Anchoring

WE ARE HELPING ESTABLISH THE COUNTRY’S ENERGY SECURITY AND ITS SUPPLY OF GAS, FUEL AND POWER AND SUPPORTING THE FRENCH THROUGH THEIR ENERGY TRANSITION 1

ENERGY SUPPLY

ENERGY TRANSITION

45% of France’s gas supply in 2025

million residential and business customers in electricity and/or gas 4.2

More than 2 GW of renewable electricity generation capacity in France

Nearly 26,000 electric charging stations operated, including 1,900 high power

Reopening of

Centre Manche 2, the country’s largest renewables project (1.5 GW of electricity)

30

rural service stations 2 Major Player in HVO 3 (500 kt/y at La Mède) and Biogas production (800 GWh) 4

Around 25% of the fuel sold in France to over 1 million customers in our service stations every day

EMPLOYMENT & ECONOMY

SOLIDARITY

INNOVATION

INNOVATION

35,000 employees in France

Saft innovates with its energy storage system designed for industrial customers

€6 billion of goods and services bought from over 16,000 suppliers

young people supported by the Foundation 100,000

2025

recruitment on permanent contract 1,800 recruitment on ﬁxed-term contracts apprenticeships and professionalization 2,000

1st production of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) (La Mède and Normandy platforms)

Collaboration with the French company Mistral AI (joint AI laboratory to improve the performance of low-carbon energies)

SMEs sustained by PTZ 5 , representing 4,000 jobs 166 730,000 individual shareholders (up by 13%)

youngsters discover rugby with the “Tournoi National des quartiers et des campagnes” 27,000

1. More details in the press release https://totalenergies.com/news/press-releases/totalenergies-teams-are-proud-dedicate-their-energy-serve-people-across-france 2. Cumulated over 2024 and 2025. 3. Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil. 4. Production capacity. 5. Interest-free loan.

[Page 104] Performance Indicators

105 Key Performance Indicators 106 Energy Transition 107 Taxonomy 108 Climate 110 Health & Safety 111 Employees 112 Environment 113 Positive Impact for Stakeholders 114 The Carbon Capture and Storage Projects 114 Integrating Capture and Storage into Our Assets 115 Oﬀering Carbon Transport & Storage Services 116 Glossary 122 Value Chain Pangea racks - France.

[Page 105] Key Performance Indicators

TotalEnergies has published its consolidated sustainability information for the 2025 financial year in its Universal Registration Document, in accordance with the ESRS (European Sustainability Reporting Standards), introducing, for certain indicators, a calculation based on the "ESRS perimeter," which differs from the historical calculation perimeter.

The extra-financial performance indicators presented below are derived from TotalEnergies’ Sustainability Report, which has been subject to a limited assurance report by the auditors Ernst & Young Audit and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit. Additionally, TotalEnergies has requested its auditors to issue a reasonable assurance report on a selection of Climate indicators marked with an asterisk below.

Climate

Environment

Health & Safety

Social

• Direct GHG emissions (operated* and ESRS perimeters) (Scope 1). • Indirect GHG emissions from energy use (operated* and ESRS perimeters) (Scope 2). • GHG emissions (Scopes 1 & 2) from operated oil & gas facilities*. • Other indirect GHG emissions related to the use by customers of energy products (Scope 3 category 11). • Flared gas (Upstream oil & gas activities, operated Scope). • Routine ﬂaring. • Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products used by the customers. • Intensity of GHG emissions (Scopes 1 & 2) of operated Upstream oil & gas activities. • Methane emissions from Company operated activities*. • Intensity of methane emissions from operated oil& gas facilities (Upstream).

• Health and safety management system coverage rate. • Millions of hours worked. • Number of occupational fatalities. • Number of occupational fatalities per hundred millions hours worked. • TRIR (number of recorded injuries per million hours worked.) • LTIR (number of lost time injuries per million hours worked). • LTIS (number of days lost due to accidents at work per million hours worked). • Number of severe road accidents. • Loss of primary containment Tier 1 and Tier 2. • Number of occupational illnesses recorded in the year (in accordance with local regulations). • Percentage of employees with specific occupational risks benefiting from regular medical monitoring. • Number of reported near misses and anomalies

Human Rights

• Total number of employees. • Percentage of women among permanent contract recruitment, among management recruitment, among total employees, among managers, among senior executives. • Percentage of employees of non-French nationality among permanent contract recruitment, among management recruitment, among total employees, among managers, among senior executives. • Percentage of employees that received a direct salary at least equal to the living wage in the country or region in which they work. • Average number of training days/year per employee • Percentage of companies offering the option of regular remote working. • Percentage of employees choosing remote working when given the option. • Percentage of companies with labor union representation and/or employee representation. • Percentage of employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement. • Number of active agreements signed with employee representatives worldwide and in France.

• Percentage of subsidiaries in the One MAESTRO rollout scope with an operational activity which have a grievance mechanism in place.

• SO 2 emissions. • NO X emissions. • NMVOC emissions. • Total particulate matters. • Hydrocarbon content of offshore water discharges. • Hydrocarbon content of onshore water discharges. • Percentage of sites that meet the target for the quality of offshore discharges. • Percentage of sites that meet the target for the quality of onshore discharges. • Fresh water withdrawals excluding cooling water. • Fresh water withdrawal in water stress area. • Fresh water consumption. • Accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills of a volume of more than one barrel that affected the environment, excluding sabotage (number and total volume of spills, total volume recovered). • Quantity of non-hazardous and hazardous waste. • Quantity of non-hazardous and hazardous waste valorized. • Percentage of waste processed per treatment process (valorization, landfill, other). • Number of environmentally material sites and compliant with the certfication objective ISO 14001.

* Indicators reviewed with reasonable assurance

[Page 106] Energy Transition

Unit 2015 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Energy mix of production

Oil % 44 44 45 52 50 50

Gas % 56 54 50 42 43 42

Electricity % <1 2 5 6 7 8

Low-carbon molecules (1) % 0 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1

Energy mix of sales

Oil (2) % 65 47 * 41 43 43 40

Gas (3) % 33 45 * 50 47 44 46

Electricity % 1 5 * 7 8 11 12

Low-carbon molecules (1) % 1 2 * 2 2 2 2

Petroleum products

Sales of petroleum products Mb/day 2.4 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.5

Gas

Overall LNG sales Mt 13 38 48 44 40 44

Electricity

Gross renewable electricity capacity (4) GW 0 7 17 22 26 34

Net production (5) TWh 2 14 33 33 41 48

Clients - BtB and BtC Millions <2 8 9 9 9 9

EV charging points Thousands 0 22 42 60 78 90

Low-carbon molecules

Production of biofuels Mt - 0.3 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.3

Prodcution of biogas TWh - - 1 1 1 1

Net investments B$ 20 13 16 17 18 17

Oil B$ 13 6 10 6 9 9.5

LNG & Gas B$ 7 5 2 5 4 4

Low-carbon energies B$ 0 2 4 6 5 3.5

Integrated Power B$ 0 2 4 5 4 3

Low-carbon molecules B$ 0 <1 <1 1 1 0.5

Energy consumption - operated 100%

Net primary energy consumption TWh 153 147 166 157 156 150

Renewable energy consumption TWh - - 1 2 4 5

Energy management system

Operated sites with an auditable energy management system (annual consumption >50 ktoe) (6) Nb - 26 27 34 35 34

Operated sites with annual consumption >à 50 ktoe (7) Nb - 42 46 43 42 42

% of Company's energy consumed by Operated sites with annual consumption >50 ktoe/year (7)(8) % - - 90% 90% 90% 90%

* Valuation of these indicators excluding Covid-19 effect. (1) See glossary (2) Sales of Petroleum prodcuts (from Marketing & Services and bulk refining sales). (3) Marketable gas production of Exploration & Production and LNG sales. (4) Gross installed renewable electricity generation capacity. (5) Company share perimeter. (6) Including ISO 50001 standard that accompanies the implementation in companies of an energy management system that allows better use of energy. (7) Excluding combined-cycle natural gas power plants that are power generation facilities whose gas consumption is optimized for maximum efficiency. These installations benefit from efficient energy management and do not require the implementation of a specific energy management system. (8) New 2025 indicator calculated retroactively

[Page 107] Taxonomy

ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES ALIGNED ACTIVITIES

Unit 2022 2023 2024 2025 2022 2023 2024 2025

CAPEX Controlled perimeter

Electricity and renewables % 13.7 23.5 16.8 20.6 13.3 22.9 13.7 20.0

Incl. electricity generation from natural gas % 0.3 0.3 3.0 0.5 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0

Biofuels and chemicals % 3.1 3.8 3.1 2.1 0.6 2.3 1.4 0.9

Other eligible activities % 0.6 0.8 1.0 1.3 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.7

TOTAL % 17.4 28.1 20.9 24.0 14.5 25.7 15.5 21.6

CAPEX Proportional view

Electricity and renewables % 29.8 29.5 24.5 23.9 29.5 29.0 21.6 23.4

Incl. electricity generation from natural gas % 0.2 0.2 2.8 0.4 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0

Biofuels and chemicals % 3.5 3.5 4.8 5.3 0.6 2.1 2.4 2.8

Other eligible activities % 0.7 0.9 1.1 1.3 0.7 0.6 0.8 0.9

TOTAL % 34.0 33.9 30.4 30.5 30.8 31.7 24.8 27.1

Eligible activities

Aligned activities

An eligible activity (1) is an activity that falls into one of the following categories on the list established by the European Commission: low-carbon, transitional (2) or enabling (3) .

An aligned activity is an eligible activity that also meets a sustainability criterion; in other words, it contributes to one of the environmental objectives (4) , without adversely affecting the other environmental objectives and meets minimum standards.

(1) Described in Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 of June 4, 2021, (EU) 2021/2178 of July 6, 2021 and (EU) 2023/2486 of June 27, 2023 and (EU) 2026/73 of July 4 2025.. (2) Activities for which there is currently no economically or technologically viable low-carbon alternative. (3) Activities that enable other activities to contribute to the achievement of one of six environmental objectives. (4) The Taxonomy regulation includes two climate objectives: 1. mitigation of climate change, and 2. adaptation to climate change; and four other environmental objectives relating to the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources; the transition to a circular economy;

pollution prevention and control; and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

[Page 108] Climate

OPERATED PERIMETER - 100% EQUITY INTEREST PERIMETER ESRS PERIMETER

Unit 2015 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025 2015 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025 2023 2024 2025

GHG Emissions - Scope 1+2

Scope 1Direct emissions Mt CO 2 e 42 38* 37 32 33 32 50 52 51 45 43 42 44 43 42

Breakdown by segment

Upstream oil & gas activities Mt CO 2 e 19 16 14 12 12 11 22 24 22 19 18 17 20 18 17

Integrated LNG, excluding upstream gas operations Mt CO 2 e - <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 - 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2

Integrated power Mt CO 2 e - 3 9 6 7 6 - 4 9 6 6 7 6 7 6

Refining & Chemicals Mt CO 2 e 22 17 15 14 14 14 27 22 20 18 18 18 17 17 17

Marketing & Services Mt CO 2 e <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1

Breakdown by geography

Europe: EU 27 + Norway + UK + Switzerland Mt CO 2 e 22 22* 23 19 18 18 22 20 21 18 16 17 22 20 20

Eurasia (inclu. Russia) / Oceania Mt CO 2 e 5 1 <1 <1 <1 1 13 17 15 12 12 12 3 4 4 Africa Mt CO 2 e 12 10 9 8 7 6 9 7 7 7 7 6 11 10 9 Americas Mt CO 2 e 4 4 5 5 7 7 5 7 8 7 8 8 8 9 9 Breakdown by type of gas

CO 2 Mt CO 2 e 39 34 36 31 32 3 1 - - 50 43 42 41 42 41 40

CH 4 Mt CO 2 e 2 2 1 1 1 1 - - 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 N 2 O Mt CO 2 e <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 - - <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1 <1

Scope 2 Market-based - Indirect emissions from energy use Mt CO 2 e 4 3* 2 2 1 1 - - 5 4 3 3 3 2 2

of which Europe: EU 27+ Norway + UK + Switzerland Mt CO 2 e 2 2* 1 1 1 1 - - 2 2 1 1 1 1 1

Mt CO 2 e 46 41* 40 35 34 33 - - 56 49 46 46 47 45 44

Scope 1+2

vs 2015 -9%* -13% -24% -25% -28%

of which oil & gas facilities Mt CO 2 e 46 39* 33 30 29 28 - - 48 44 41 40 43 40 39

of which CCGT Mt CO 2 e - 3* 7 4 5 5 - - 8 5 5 6 4 5 5

Methane emissions (2) kt CH 4 94 64 42 34 29 22.5 - - 47 40 33 27

GHG Emissions – Methane The GHG emissions within the ESRS perimeter correspond to 100% of the emissions from operated sites, plus the equity share (4) of emissions from non-operated and financially consolidated asset excluding equity affiliates.

vs 2020 -34% -47% -55% -65% Breakdown by segment Upstream oil & gas activities kt CH 4 92 62 41 33 27 21 - - 43 36 31 24 Integrated LNG, excluding Ppstream gas operations kt CH 4 0 <1 0 <1 <1 <1 - - 3 2 1 1 Integrated Power kt CH 4 0 <1 1 <1 <1 <1 1 <1 <1 <1 Refining & Chemicals kt CH 4 1 1 1 1 1 1 - - 1 1 1 1 Marketing & Services kt CH 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 - - 0 0 0 0 Breakdown by geography Europe: EU 27 + Norway + UK + Switzerland kt CH 4 9 12 7 6 5 5 - - 5 4 4 3 Eurasia (inclu. Russia) / Oceania kt CH 4 33 3 1 1 3 3 - - 15 11 9 9 Africa kt CH 4 49 31 23 18 16 10 - - 17 19 16 11 Americas kt CH 4 3 18 12 9 5 4 - - 10 7 4 4

Flaring * Excluding Covid-19 effect for 2020 emissions data. (1) This indicator includes safety ﬂaring, routine ﬂaring and nonroutine ﬂaring. (2) Excluding biogenic methane, equal to around 1 kt CH 4 in 2025. Biogenic methane is nevertheless included in the calculation of Scope 1. (3) Volumes estimated upon historical data. (4) Company share or production rights for oil and gas production assets. Flared gas (1) (Upstream oil & gas activities operated scope) Mm 3 /j 7.2 4,2 3.3 2.5 2.5 2.3

of which routine ﬂaring Mm 3 /j 2.3 (3) 0,6 0.5 0.3 0.5 0.7

[Page 109] Climate

Unit 2015 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

2025

Indirect GHG emissions - Scope 3 - Category 11

Detailed value chain points of Scope 3 - Category 11 (1)

Production Midstream Sales

Scope 3 - Category 11 (1) Mt CO 2 e 410 400* 389* 351 342 335

of which Europe: EU 27 + Norway + UK + Switzerland Mt CO 2 e 256 215* 191* 212 160 155

Oil 1.4 Mb/d (182 Mt CO 2 e)

Refining 1.5 Mb/d (189 Mt CO 2 e)

Petroleum Products 1.5 Mb/d (207 Mt CO 2 e)

Breakdown by product

Mt CO 2 e 350 320* 254* 227 218 207

Petroleum products

Liquefaction 0.4 Mboe/d (42 Mt CO 2 e) LNG + BtB/BtC gas sales

vs 2015 -9%* -27%* -35% -38% -41%

Natural gas + condensates

Gas Mt CO 2 e 60 80* 130 124 124 128

1.1 Mboe/d (114 Mt CO 2 e) 3 rd party long-term

1.2 Mboe/d (128 Mt CO 2 e)

Biofuels Mt CO2e - - 4 - -

LNG Purchases 0.4 Mboe/d (40 Mt CO 2 e)

Estimates of enabled emissions reductions (2)

The emissions associated with the various points on the value chains are not meant to be aggregated, given the integrated nature of our operations.

by TotalEnergies’ LNG sales Mt CO 2 e - - ~70 ~70 ~65 ~75

by TotalEnergies' renewable power generation Mt CO 2 e - - - - ~18 ~22

Unit 2023 2024 2025

Intensity indicators

Indirect GHG emissions - Scope 3

Significant category of Scope 3

Base 100

Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (73 g CO 2 e/MJ in 2015)

in 2015 100 92* 88 87 83.5 81.4

Cat 11 - Use of sold products (4) Mt CO 2 e 351 342 335

kgCO 2 e/

Other categories of Scope 3

Intensity of GHG emissions (Scope 1+2) of operated Upstream oil & gas activities (3)

boe 21 18 17 17 17 16

Cat.1 Purchased goods and services (5) Mt CO 2 e 33 28 27

Cat 2 - Capital goods (6) Mt CO 2 e 3 4 3

Intensity of methane emissions from operated oil & gas facilities (Upstream) % 0.23 0.15 0.11 0.11 0.10 0.07

Cat 3 - Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1+2) (7) Mt CO 2 e 4 4 4

Cat 4 - Upstream transportation (8) Mt CO 2 e 6 6 5

Cat 5 - Waste generated in operations (9) Mt CO 2 e <1 <1 <1

Cat 6 - Business travel (10) Mt CO 2 e <1 <1 <1

Cat 7 - Employee commuting (11) Mt CO 2 e <1 <1 <1

Cat 8 - Upstream leased assets (12) Mt CO 2 e 0 0 0

Cat 9 - Downstream transportation (13) Mt CO 2 e 1 1 1

Cat 10 - Processing of sold products (14) Mt CO 2 e 5 5 6

Cat 12 - End of life treatment of sold products (15) Mt CO 2 e 10 11 11

Cat 13 - Downstream leased assets (16) Mt CO 2 e n/a n/a n/a

Cat 14 - Franchises (17) Mt CO 2 e <1 <1 <1

Cat 15 Investments (18) Mt CO 2 e 13 14 13

* Excluding Covid-19 effect for emissions data from first half 2020 and first half 2022. (1) Scope 3 category 11 GHG protocol: Oil products including bulk sales refining sales; natural gas excluding minority stakes in public companies. In accordance with ESRS standards, emissions resulting from biomass combustion are excluded from Scope 3 - Category 11 and reported separately in 2023 and 2024. In 2015, Scope 3 category 11 was published at 410 Mt CO 2 e. The Company keeps this reference to assess the evolution of its Scope 3. If the Scope 3 category 11 for 2015 had been recalculated according to the IPIECA value chain methodology (published in 2016) on the gas value chain, as introduced in data disclosures from 2021, then the Scope 3 category 11 of 2015 would have been 465 Mt CO 2 e, including 344 Mt CO 2 e for the oil value chain and 121 Mt CO 2 e for the gas value chain. (2) Potential emissions reductions that may have been contributed by TotalEnergies’ LNG sales and renewable power generation. (3) This indicator doesn’t include integrated LNG assets in its perimeter. (4) Oil products including bulk refining sales; natural gas excluding minority stakes in public companies. (5) Cradle-togate emissions from purchases of goods and services, excluding those reported in other categories. Calculated with the sum of purchases (excluding energy products resold) multiplied by specific external monetary ratios, as well as emissions corresponding to purchases of crude oil and oil products (net of the productions from the Company), medium and long-term LNG supply contracts and upstream biofuel emissions (in accordance with ESRS standards) calculated on the basis of emissions from the equivalent fossil fuel to which a standard abatement rate is applied. (6) Cradle-to-gate emissions from purchases of capital goods such as drilling, subsea equipment, valves, static equipment’s purchase categories. Calculated with the sum of the purchases multiplied by specific monetary ratios. (7) Cradle-to-gate emissions related to B2B/B2C electricity sales (excluding trading) net of TotalEnergies’ electricity production in Europe. (8) Upstream emissions related to the transport of energy products, including measured emissions from shipping excluding time charters over 12 months reported in Scope 1+2 (in accordance with ESRS standards) and estimated emissions related to land transport purchase categories, calculated with the sum of purchases multiplied by specific external monetary ratios. (9) Cradle-to-gate emissions from purchase categories linked to waste treatment and remediation. Calculated with the sum of purchases multiplied by specific external monetary ratios. (10) Emissions related to employee business travel as reported by contractors. (11) Emissions related to the commuting of the Company’s employees. The estimate uses the average emission factor reported by INSEE per employee. (12) Direct emissions related to long-term contracted assets, which mainly correspond to sea charters for the transport of energy products, already included in category 4. (13) Emissions related to the downstream transport of B2B marketing sales in M&S and petroleum products bulk sales of Refining. (14) Emissions related to the transformation of the main non-energy intermediate products sold (sulphur, polymers, bitumen), based on most representative or conservative external physical emission factors. (15) Emissions related to the end of life of the main non-energy products sold (lubricants, polymers, bitumen, batteries). (16) Not applicable, the Company did not identify emissions linked to third party leasing. (17) Emissions associated with service stations operated by third parties, calculated with TotalEnergies’ Scope 1+2 emission intensity. (18) Scope 1+2 emissions from non-operated and non-consolidated activities (in accordance with ESRS standards), consolidated based on the Company’s equity interest in the assets, or its share of production for oil and gas production assets. This category mainly concerns Scope 1+2 emissions from equity-accounted companies in liquefaction, refining and petrochemicals activities.

TotalEnergies has carried out an estimate of the 15 Scope 3 categories since 2023 and has retained category 11 as significant, based in particular on the magnitude of its estimated GHG emissions, in line with its practice since 2017 and in continuity of the declaration of extra-financial performance. In line with our commitment to transparency, TotalEnergies is publishing an estimate of indirect emissions in other Scope 3 categories according to the GHG Protocol and Ipieca classification. The values of these estimates may change from year to year as estimation methodologies progress.

[Page 110] Health & Safety

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Occupational Safety

Occupational Safety

Health and safety management system coverage rate ( 1) % - 91 91 91 90

TRIR (5) : number of recorded injuries per million hours worked - All personnel Nb/Mh 0.74 0.67 0.63 0.55 0.47

of which coverage of operating activities (2) % - 100 100 100 100

Company Employees Nb/Mh 0.63 0.60 0.51 0.44 0.44

Millions of hours worked - All personnel Mh 389 392 400 400 405

Contractors' Personnel Nb/Mh 0.87 0.76 0.77 0.67 0.51

Company Employees Mh 211 217 212 216 216

LTIR: number of lost time injuries per million hours worked - All personnel Nb/Mh 0.48 0.45 0.40 0.35 0.36

Contractors' Personnel Mh 178 175 188 184 189

Company Employees Nb/Mh 0.50 0.51 0.42 0.33 0.36

Number of work-related fatalities - All personnel Nb 1 3 2 1 1

Contractors' Personnel Nb/Mh 0.46 0.39 0.38 0.39 0.36

Company Employees Nb 0 0 0 0 0

LTIS: number of days lost due to accidents at work (6) per million hours worked - All personnel Nb/Mh 17 15 12 15 16

Contractors' Personnel Nb 1 3 2 1 1

Company Employees Nb/Mh 16 14 12 12 12

Number of occupationnal fatalities (3) per hundred millions hours worked - All personnel

Nb/ 100Mh 0.26 0.77 0.50 0.25 0.25

Contractors' Personnel Nb/Mh 19 15 12 18 19

Number of reported near misses and anomalies Nb 563,000 749,000 893,000 998,000 1,024,000

Company Employees Nb/ 100Mh 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

Safety prevention of major industrial accidents

Contractors' Personnel Nb/ 100Mh 0.56 1.71 1.06 0.54 0.53

Losses of primary containment (Tier 1 and Tier 2) (8) Nb 84 48 48 39 34

Number of occupational injuries - All personnel Nb 289 263 252 219 191

Losses of primary containment (Tier 1) Nb 30 11 19 14 8

Company Employees Nb 134 130 108 95 95

Losses of primary containment (Tier 2) Nb 54 37 29 25 26

Contractors' Personnel Nb 155 133 144 124 96

(1) Percentage of personnel covered by a health and safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards

or guidelines (calculation based on hours worked).

Number of lost days due to accidents at work - All personnel Nb 6,764 5,724 4,800 6,002 6,281

(2) Excluding headquarters activities, services activites and trading activities.

Company Employees Nb 3,429 3,116 2,508 2,621 2,631

(3) Excluding occupational illnesses, for which the link with a possible fatality is a matter of medical confidentiality. Target zero fatalities.

(4) Overturned vehicle or other accident resulting in the injury of a crew member or a passenger (recordable accident).

Contractors' Personnel Nb 3,335 2,608 2,292 3,381 3,650

(5) Target TRIR less than or equal to 0.60 in 2025 and 0.55 in 2026.

Number of severe road accidents (4) Nb 27 15 11 13 16

(6) Excluding occupational illnesses, as the cause of absenteeism is a matter of medical confidentiality.

(7) Excluding acts of sabotage and theft. Target losses of primary containment Tier 1 and 2 less than or equal to 40 in 2025 and 35 in 2026.

Light vehicles and public transportation Nb 0 3 4 4 3

Heavy goods vehicles (truck) Nb 27 12 7 9 13

Health indicators (WHRS scope - Worldwide Human Resources Survey)

% 97 99 100 99 100

Percentage of employees with specific occupational risks benefiting from regular medical monitoring

Number of occupational illnesses recorded in the year (in accordance with local regulations) Nb 136 129 107 170 160

[Page 111] Employees

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Employees

Training

Company’s workforce Nb 105,476 101,279 102,579 102,887 101,513

Employees having attended at least one training course during the year % 84.6 97.3 97.7 97.9 98.1

Breakdown by region

Europe % 62.8 63.3 63.2 62.1 62.2

Average number of training days/year per employees (4) days 2.4 (5) 4.7 5.0 5.5 4.6

of which France % 34.0 34.5 34.6 34.9 34.9

Africa % 9.6 10.4 10.2 10.8 11.3

Social dialogue

North America % 6.8 6.0 6.0 5.9 5.8

Companies that have implemented ﬂextime % 77 82 82 85 89

Latin America % 11.3 13.1 13.4 13.8 13.2

Asia-Pacific % 6.7 6.5 6.4 6.6 6.5

Companies offering the option of occasional remote working % 87 83 82 85 88

Middle East % 2.8 0.7 0.8 0.9 1.0

Employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement % 71.9 73.6 73.0 73.6 72.6

Gender

Employees with labor union representation and/or employee representation % 91.7 91.8 91.5 92.3 91.9

% of women

Among all employees % 34.8 36.3 36.9 36.8 36.7

Number of active agreements signed with employee representatives worldwide Nb 281 330 404 346 305

Among senior management (1) % 21.1 23.8 25.1 25.8 26.4

(1) Restated 2020 data. The percentage of women was 18.2% in 2020 based on the previous calculation method, which did not include

Among senior executives % 25.7 27.5 28.3 29.5 30.2

JL14 and senior executives.

(2) Restated 2020 data. The percentage of employees of non-French nationality was 31.8% in 2020 based on the previous calculation

method, which did not include senior executives.

Internationalization

(3) A living wage is defined as income that, in exchange for standard work hours, allows employees to ensure a decent life for their families,

% of employees of non-French nationality

cover their essential costs and cope with unforeseen events. This criterion applies to the so called “périmètre de gestion” i.e., all subsidiaries controlled at more than 50%.

Among senior management (2) % 32.1 34.2 36.3 36.4 36.4

(4) This number is calculated using the number of hours of training where 7.6 hours equal one day.

(5) On-the-job training information only available from 2021.

Among senior executives % 36.3 37.4 37.7 38.6 37.7

Living wage (3)

% - 100 100 100 100

Employees receiving direct remuneration that is at least equal to the living wage in the country or region in which they work

[Page 112] Environment

OPERATED PERIMETER - 100%

OPERATED PERIMETER - 100%

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Environmental footprint

Risks of accidental pollution

Atmospheric chronic emissions (excluding GHG) (1)

Accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills

Number of spills Nb 50 49 27 24 22

SO 2 emissions kt 34 13 12 16 18

Total volume of spills 10 3 m³ 1.0 0.1 1.7 0.6 0.0

NO X emissions kt 64 60 60 57 53

NMVOC emissions kt 69 48 43 35 35

Total volume recovered 10 3 m³ - 0.1 0.0 0.0 0.0

Total particulate matters kt - 3.9 4.1 3.4 2.1

Biodiversity (6)

Discharged water quality

Respecting our commitment to voluntary exclusion zones

Offshore continuous water discharges hydrocarbon content mg/l 12.8 12.9 11.6 11.2 9.9

No oil or gas exploration/extraction activity in UNESCO areas Respected Respected Respected Respected Respected

% of sites that meet the target for offshore discharges quality (30 mg/l) (2) % 100 93 92 93 97

No oil field exploration activity in the arctic sea ice zone Respected Respected Respected Respected Respected

Onshore continuous water discharges hydrocarbon content mg/l 1,9 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.0

New projects

Sites that meet the 2030 target for onshore discharges quality: 1 mg/l % - 73 86 82 82

Nb 6 7 8 5 2

Biodiversity plans deployed or in preparation for our sites located in area of interest for biodiversity (7)

Water-related indicators

Existing sites

Fresh water withdrawals excluding open loop cooling water Mm³ 105 107 102 106 116

Biodiversity diagnostics carried out on environmentally material sites

Nb cumulated - 43 70 77 80

Fresh water withdrawal in water stress area (3) Mm 3 52 55 50 51 53

Fresh water consumption (4) Mm³ - 58 55 56 62

Waste management

Deforestation/reforestation balance

Company’s waste balance and waste treatment processes (8)

Deforested surface ha - 0 81 156 210

Total volume of processed waste kt 501 498 521 573 556

Reforested or compensated surface ha - 0 59 186 61

Non-hazardous waste kt 303 322 319 357 345

Annual forest balance (5) ha - 0 -22 30 -149

Hazardous waste kt 198 176 202 216 211

Cumulative forest balance since 2023 (5) ha - 0 -22 8 -141

Reuse (9) % 59 61 61 71 68

Environmental management system

Circular economy (10)

ISO 14001 certified sites Nb 266 284 281 297 307

Mt - 3.4 3.8 4.6 4.7

Environmentally material sites and compliant ISO 14001 Nb 79 80 79 82 84

Quantity of circular feedstock

vs 2021 - +10% +33% +36%

Environmentally material sites and compliant ISO 14001 % 97 100 100 100 100

B$ - 5.4 4.5 4.0 3.8

Sales from circular products

vs 2021 +30% +8% -4% -8%

(10) Data is calculated on company share. Datas expressed as % are calculated based on raw data from 2021 quantity of circular feedstock 3.4Mt and sales from circular products 4.2G$.

(1) From 2024, application of the thresholds of the E-PRTR regulation. (2) Alwyn and Gryphon sites (United Kingdom) excluded in 2020, as its produced water discharges only occur during the maintenance periods of the water reinjection system and are subject to a specific regulatory declaration. (3) From 2023, the freshwater withdrawal values in water stress areas are evaluated from the Projected Basic Water Stress 2030 V4.0 from August 2023 for material sites of company and the watershed of Carling - St Avold sites in France is excluded from these calculations since the withdrawal of groundwater is administratively imposed there for environmental reasons. (4) Data from 2022 to 2023 has been recalculated to account for the GRI definition. (5) A negative figure indicates net deforestation. (6) See section 5.2.2.4 of 2025 URD for detailed reporting on action plans implemented on our four Biodiversity axes. (7) IUCN zone (International Union for Conservation of Nature) I to IV and Ramsar areas for IFC standard projects. From 2024, only new projects are considered; sites that have been in production for more than 2 years are no longer included (8) Excluding drilling cuttings, excluding digestate from Biogas units, excluding sites that have ceased operations and are in the process of being remediated. (9) Recovery includes preparation for reuse, recycling and other types of recovery (e.g., energy recovery).

[Page 113] Positive Impact for Stakeholders

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Unit 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025

Initiatives of general interest

Human rights

Number of actions for Action! Program (1) Nb 4,119 11,028 13,975 14,603 13,817

Subsidiaries (1) with an integrated grievance mechanism % 99 100 100 100 100

Europe Nb 2,952 7,410 9,191 9,855 9,553

Number of complaints received in the year Nb - - 638 1,414 2,252

Africa Nb 709 1,664 2,072 2,146 2,028

Asia Nb 191 923 1,480 1,298 1,088

Number of complaints received in the year remaining unresolved Nb - - 125 186 183

Latin America Nb 159 609 786 1,009 810

Percentage of solved complaints (2) % - - 80 87 92

North America Nb 2 231 407 268 308

Priority supplier evaluations (3) Nb 79 200 300 300 200

Oceania Nb 106 191 39 27 30

Ethics and Human Rights audits Nb 2 5 4 7 6

TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation

Fighting corruption

Expenditures of TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation M€ 46 65 54 64 45

Online anti-corruption training course attended (4) Nb 9,701 38,624 17,195 15,247 9,958

(1) Worldwide community volunteering program for employees who can devote up to three workdays a year to local community projects.

Integrity (5) incidents recorded Nb 326 207 200 223 279

Value sharing

Net investments B$ 13 16 17 18 17.1

Dividends (6) B$ 8 10 8 8 8.1

Buybacks B$ 1 7 9 8 7.5

Salaries and social charges B$ 9 9 9 9 10.0

Taxes (7) B$ 6 33 25 22 19.0

(1) Subsidiaries in the One MAESTRO roll-out scope with an operational activity.

(2) Number of complaints solved / number of complaints received in the reference year.

(3) On site evaluations, including human rights..

(4) Training open to all employees and mandatory for target populations. New module launched in 2022.

(5) Incidents covering fraud (excluding attempts since 2022), corruption or inﬂuence peddling.

(6) Includes buybacks covering employee share allocation plans.

(7) Current tax expenses and taxes on production.

[Page 114] The Carbon Capture and Storage Projects

Integrating Capture and Storage into Our Assets

Assets Project type CO 2 origin Country Project operator Upstream or downstream

CO 2 capture solution CO 2 storage solution (1) GHG reduction potential (100%) (2)

In operation

Snøhvit Capture and storage Native CO 2

(3) Norway Equinor Upstream Separation of native CO 2 from natural gas

Re-injection into the Snøhvit saline aquifer 0.7 MTPA

Under development

North Field East (NFE) Capture Native CO 2

(3) Qatar QatarEnergy LNG Upstream Separation of native CO 2 from natural gas

Transfer of CO 2 to QatarEnergy for storage in a saline aquifer 2.1 MTPA

North Field South (NFS) Capture Native CO 2

(3) Qatar QatarEnergy LNG Upstream Separation of native CO 2 from natural gas

Transfer of CO 2 to QatarEnergy for storage in a saline aquifer 1.1 MTPA

Under study

LNG North 2 (4) Capture Native CO 2

(3) Qatar QatarEnergy LNG Upstream Separation of native CO 2 from natural gas

Transfer of CO 2 to QatarEnergy for storage in a saline aquifer 0.6 MTPA

Capture and storage Native CO 2

(3) Australia Inpex Upstream Separation of native CO 2 from natural gas Re-injection into a saline aquifer 6 MTPA

Ichthys Associated CCS project, named Bonaparte CCS

To be confirmed (7) 0.7 MTPA

(6) Belgium TotalEnergies Downstream

Capture Anthropogenic CO 2

Antwerp Refinery Associated CCS project named ARCaDe (5)

Treatment and purification of CO 2 - concentrated combustion stream to reach transport and storage specifications

(1) Captured CO 2 is intended for permanent storage in a saline aquifer or depleted reservoir.

(2) The GHG reduction potential is the volume of CO 2 injected into storage, excluding Scope 1+2 emissions generated by the CCS project.

(3) CO 2 naturally present in the reservoir before any hydrocarbon production or CO 2 injection.

(4) Ex-QatarGas 2.

(5) Antwerp Refinery Carbon capture.

(6) Anthropogenic CO 2 is a by-product of human activity, typically combustion, the production of chemicals, steel or cement, and the gas separation process.

(7) Transport and storage solutions are currently being selected.

[Page 115] The Carbon Capture and Storage Projects

Oﬀering Carbon Transport & Storage Services

CO 2 storage capacity (100%) Start-up year

Terminal /CO 2 collection point

CO 2 storage countries

Type of CO 2 storage

Project Project maturity Operator Clients CO 2 transport: national or cross-border 1

In operation

Northern Lights Phase 1: In operation Northern Lights Joint Venture Norcem, Celsio, Yara Both national and cross-border

Øygarden terminal, Norway Norway Saline aquifer Phase 1: 1.5 Mt CO 2 /year 2025

Under development

Northern Lights Phase 2 : Investment decision taken in March 2025

Northern Lights Joint Venture Ørsted, Stockholm Exergi Cross-border Øygarden terminal, Norway Norway Saline aquifer Phase 2 : + 4,1 MtCO 2 /year 2028

Northern Endurance Partnership (NEP)

BP Emitters from industrial region of Teesside National Teesside, United Kingdom

United Kingdom Saline aquifer Phase 1: 4 Mt CO 2 /year Extension: beyond 20 Mt CO 2 / year 2028

Phase 1: Investment decision taken in 2024 Extension: Under study

Under study

Aramis Phase 1: FEED 2 in progress Extension: Under study

TotalEnergies (Storage)

Both national and cross-border

Port of Rotterdam, Netherlands Netherlands Depleted gas field

Phase 1: 2.5 Mt CO 2 /year Extension: up to 5 Mt CO 2 / year 2030

Emitters mainly from the Netherlands and from other neighbor countries

Bayou Bend Offshore: FEED in progres Onshore: pre-FEED in progress Chevron Industrial emitters in the Houston / Beaumont-Port Arthur area National Under study United States Saline aquifer Above 10 Mt CO 2 /year 2030-2031

Southern Cluster FEED in progress Petronas

5 Mt CO 2 /year 2030

Both national and cross-border Kuantan, Malaysia Malaysia

Emitters from industrial zones in Asia, particularly Japan and Singapore

Depleted gas field and saline aquifer

Bifrost

TotalEnergies Emitters mainly from Denmark, Germany and the Baltic States

Both national and cross-border Esbjerg, Denmark Denmark

Phase 1: up to 5 Mt CO 2 /year Phase 2: up to 10 Mt CO 2 /year After 2030

Depleted gas field and saline aquifer

Phase 1 (Harald West & Dagny): Pre-FEED Phase 2 (Inez): Ongoing Preliminary Feasibility Analysis

(1) National by pipeline, cross-border by ship or pipeline.

(2) Front-End Engineering Design.

[Page 116] Glossary

IRENA International Renewable Energy Agency

Units of measurement

Acronyms

ISSB International Sustainability Standard Board

b barrel

AI Artificial Intelligence

IUCN International Union for conversation of Nature

B billion

BESS Battery Energy Storage Systems

LNG Liquefied Natural Gas

boe/d barrel of oil equivalent per day

CCGT Combined Cycle with Gas Turbine

NBS Nature Based Solutions

CCS Carbon Capture and Storage

CO 2 e CO 2 equivalent

NFE North Field East (Qatar)

e equivalent

CCU Carbon Capture and Utilization

NFS North Field South (Qatar)

G giga

CCUS Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage

NGV fuel Natural Gas Vehicle Fuel

J joule

CNG Compressed Natural Gas

OGCI Oil & Gas Climate Initiative

k thousand

EACOP East African Crude Oil Pipeline

ROACE Return on Average Capital Employed

M million

EPA Environmental Protection Agency

RTE Transmission system operator (France)

MMBtu million British Thermal Unit

ESS Energy Storage Systems

SAF Sustainable Aviation Fuel

Mm 3 million cubic meters

FEED Front-End Engineering Design

SEC Securities and Exchange Commission (US)

Mtpa million tons per year (of LNG)

FID Final Investment Decision

TNFD Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures

PJ petajoule (10^15 joules)

GHG Greenhouse Gas

t metric ton

GRI Global Reporting Initiative

UNEP - WCMC United Nation Environment Program – World Conservation Monitoring Centre

toe ton of oil equivalent

GRP Gas, Renewables & Power

WBCSD World Business Council for Sustainable Development

TWh terawatt-hour

IEA International Energy Agency

WEF World Energy Forum

W watt

WEO World Energy Outlook

IPBES Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services

WRI World Resource Institute

IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

$ Abbreviation for the United States dollar

IPIECA International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association

[Page 117] Glossary

Biofuel

CCU (Carbon Capture and Utilization)

Liquid fuel for transport produced from biomass.

Capture and transport of CO₂ for its use in the production of synthetic products, chemicals, or fuels.

Biogas

Contractor/service provider personnel

Gaseous combustible or fuels produced from biomass.

Biomass

Any employee of a contractor or service provider working at a site that is part of the safety reporting Scope or assigned by a transport company under a long-term contract.

Organic material excluding the material that is fossilised or embedded in geological formations.

Decarbonization

Biomethane

Actions aimed at reducing the carbon intensity of activities or products and/or greenhouse gas emissions from activities.

Biogas whose characteristics allow its injection into a natural gas network.

Enabled emissions reductions

is identified, the difference between emissions from the alternative fuel (fuel oil or coal) and natural gas has been calculated, by using power generation emission factors of each country or region (1) for each of these sources (2) . For the countries where the final use of LNG sales is not identified, this method is applied to LNG sales volumes weighed by the percentage of gas used for power generation in the overall local natural gas consumption (3) . For renewable power generation, the methodology compares emissions from the country’s alternative non-renewable mix (alternative source according to IRENA’s methodology) and the ones from solar or wind generation. The applied emission factors (published by IEA) cover the entire life cycle of power generation (4) . Non-renewable production mixes are based on IEA data (5) by country or continent (6) .

Carbon neutrality ambition, together with society

Energy mix of sales

Ambition of the Company as described in 1.2.3 of chapter 1 of its Universal Registration Document.

Carbon sinks

Natural reservoir (e.g. vegetation, oceans) or artificial reservoir (e.g. CCS) that stores carbon in different forms.

CCS (Carbon Capture and Storage)

Energy mix calculated by taking into account electricity sales, marketable gas production from Exploration & Production and LNG sales, sales of petroleum products (from Marketing & Services and bulk refining sales) and distribution of biofuels, biomass and H 2 sales. Electricity is placed on an equal footing with fossil fuels, taking into account average capacity factors and average efficiency ratios.

Difference between the emissions associated to a reference electricity generation (alternative source) and the emissions associated with solution proposed by the Company, either electricity generated thanks to gas supplied by TotalEnergies (by regasifying LNG) or electricity generated by renewable power plants owned by the Company (solar and wind). For LNG sales, the Company has identified, for each LNG-receiving country or region, the likely source of competing ﬂexible power generation (alternative source). When the final use for power generation is established and the alternative source of power

Capture and transport of CO₂ for long term geological storage.

(1) France, Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany are considered as a single

electricity and gas network. (2) Emission factors associated with combustion published in 2025 by IEA for the year 2023,

except for France where the emission factors published by RTE France were used. (3) Distribution of gas use and electricity production mix for 2024 provided by Enerdata. (4) Combustion and upstream emission factors published in 2025 by IEA for the year 2023. (5) STEPS scenario of the World Energy Outlook 2025. (6) Europe is considered as a single electricity network.

[Page 118] Glossary

Equity interest perimeter

Non-routine ﬂaring

Gross installed capacity

Flaring other than routine ﬂaring and safety ﬂaring occurring primarily during occasional and intermittent events.

Routine ﬂaring

Cumulative gross capacity of a site’s electricity generation facilities in operation, without taking into account losses, availability factors or grid constraints. It reﬂects the theoretical maximum capacity that the facilities can produce at the injection point under standard conditions. It is expressed on a 100% basis regardless of the ownership interest held in the asset.

Hydrocarbon spills

The equity interest perimeter, which is distinct from the operated perimeter, includes all the assets in which the consolidated subsidiaries (including equity-accounted companies) have a financial interest or rights to production. This scope also includes subsidiaries that are not financially consolidated but are material from a sustainability point of view. Under the equity interest perimeter, the indicators are consolidated based on the Company’s equity interest in the assets or its share of production for oil and gas production assets.

ESRS Perimeter

Flaring during normal production operations conducted in the absence of sufficient facilities or adequate geological conditions for the reinjection, on-site utilization or sale of the gas produced (as defined by the working group of the Global Gas Flaring Reduction program as part of the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring initiative). Routine ﬂaring does not include safety ﬂaring.

Accidental spills of liquid hydrocarbons that have an environmental impact and exceed one barrel in volume, excluding acts of sabotage and theft.

Safety ﬂaring

Intensity of CO 2 equivalent

Same scope of consolidation as that used for the financial statements excluding equity affiliates, as well as companies controlled by the Company that are not financially consolidated but are material from a sustainability point of view.

Flaring to ensure the safe performance of operations conducted at the production site (emergency shutdown, safety-related testing, etc.)

GHG

Emissions Scope 1+2 GHG emissions from the facilities operated by the Company for its upstream oil & gas activities (kg) divided by the Company’s operated hydrocarbon production in barrels of oil equivalent (boe).

Intensity of methane emissions

Volume of methane emissions divided by the volume of commercial gas produced, from all facilities operated by the Company (oil and/or gas) for its upstream oil & gas activities.

The seven greenhouse gases in the Kyoto protocol, namely CO 2 , CH 4 , N 2 O, HFCs, PFCs, SF 6 and NF 3 , with their respective GWP (Global Warming Potential) as described in the most recent IPCC report. HFCs, PFCs, SF 6 and NF 3 are virtually absent from the Company’s emissions and are not accounted for by the Company.

This ESRS perimeter is extended to companies and/or assets over which the Company exercises operational control, regardless of their financial consolidation method, for the following indicators: • Greenhouse gas emissions (ESRS E1-6 §44 to 46 and §50); • Pollutants listed in Annex II to Regulation (EC) No. 166/2006 and microplastics generated or used by the Company (ESRS E2-4 §28/29); • Biodiversity-sensitive sites (ESRS E4-1).

[Page 119] Glossary

Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold

Low carbon molecules

Biofuels, biogas, low carbon and renewable hydrogen, e-fuels / e-gases.

outside Europe and sales of EV charging station entities outside Europe. Electricity is placed on an equal footing with fossil fuels, taking into account average capacity factors and average efficiency ratios.

Material sites for the environment

This indicator measures the average GHG emissions of a unit of energy products used by the Company’s customers across its lifecycle (i.e., Scope 1+2+3), from production to end use by customers. This indicator is calculated as a division which takes into account: • for the numerator, the sum of: - emissions connected to the production and conversion

The carbon intensity indicator therefore corresponds to the average emissions associated with each unit of energy used by customers. To track changes in the indicator, it is expressed in base 100 compared to 2015.

Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR)

The sites of the subsidiaries in production for the Upstream oil and gas activities, the production sites with output above 250 kt/y in the Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services segments, as well as the gas-fired power plants in the Integrated Power segment, wich are operated by the Company.

of energy products used by the customers of the Company; - emissions connected to the end use of energy products sold

Frequency rate of lost-time injuries.

Nature-based solutions

Lost Time Injury Severity (LTIS)

Number of lost-time days due to accidents at work per million hours worked.

Low carbon energies

Actions aimed at a sustainable management and use of nature in order to preserve or enhance carbon storage. TotalEnergies’ Nature based solutions aim to generate carbon credits for the voluntary compensation of the Company’s residual Scope 1 and 2 emissions from 2030 onward while also seeking environmental, social and economic benefits.

to the Company’s customers. For each product, stoichiometric emission factors (1) are applied to these sales to obtain an emission volume. For the biofuel value chain, lifecycle emissions (production, processing and end use) are calculated on the basis of the emissions of the equivalent fossil fuel to which a standard abatement rate is applied (2) . Non-energy use products (bitumen, lubricants, plastics, etc.) are not taken into account; - negative emissions stored throught the use of Carbon

Operated oil & gas facilities

Capture and Storage services marketed to third-party industrial emitters (storage as a service) and nature-based carbon sinks projects. • for the denominator: the quantity of energy sold, this being the sum of: - the energy quantities associated with the highest points

Facilities operated by the Company as part of its Upstream oil and gas activities as well as in its Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services segments. Facilities for power generation from renewable sources or natural gas, such as combined-cycle natural gas power plants are therefore excluded from this perimeter.

• Electricity generation activities (from renewable sources and ﬂexible gas-fired capacities), electricity storage and trading, and BtB–BtC distribution of gas and electricity – these activities together form the Integrated Power segment ; • Activities related to low carbon molecules, namely: biofuels, biogas, renewable hydrogen, low carbon hydrogen, e-fuels/ e-gas ; • Other low carbon technologies: CCS, Nature based solutions, plastic recycling, electromobility.

Operated perimeter

Low-carbon hydrogen

in the oil and gas value chains, as determined in the Scope 3 calculation; - energy quantities associated with sales of biofuels

Activities, sites and industrial assets of which TotalEnergies SE or one of its subsidiaries has operational control, i.e. has the responsibility of the conduct of operations on behalf of all its partners.

(Marketing & Services sales and bulk refining sales), biogas and hydrogen; - quantities of electricity sold, based on sales by marketing

entities in Europe, sales linked to aggregation activities (corresponding to medium/long-term purchases), production

Hydrogen whose energy content comes from non renewable sources and that meets a required level of greenhouse gas emission reduction compared to the fossil fuel comparator. In Europe, this reduction level is 70%, corresponding to a life cycle emission level for hydrogen of 3.38 kg CO₂e/kg H₂, according to the methodology of the European Directive 2018/2001 (RED II).

(1) The emission factors used are taken from a technical note of the CDP: Guidance

methodology for estimation of Scope 3 category 11 emissions for oil and gas companies. (2) The abatement rates applied to the emissions of biofuels compared to equivalent

fossil fuels are in line with the minimums required by European regulations (RED II).

[Page 120] Glossary

Renewable hydrogen

Scope 1 GHG emissions

Direct emissions of greenhouse gases from sites or activities that are included in the scope of reporting for climate changerelated indicators. Direct biogenic CO 2 emissions are excluded from Scope 1 and reported separately.

Scope 2 GHG emissions

Hydrogen produced through electrolysis of water (in an electrolyzer, powered by electricity) and with the electricity stemming from renewable sources. For renewable hydrogen production, greenhouse gas emissions over the entire life cycle are close to zero. Renewable hydrogen can also be produced by reforming biogas (instead of natural gas) or by the biochemical conversion of biomass, provided the process meets the applicable sustainability requirements. For example, in Europe, the maximum greenhouse gas emission threshold for renewable hydrogen is 3.38 kg CO₂e/kg H₂ over the life cycle, according to the methodology of European Directive 2018/2001 (RED II).

Residual emissions

production volumes or sales for end use. A stoichiometric emission factor (oxidation of molecules to carbon dioxide) is applied to these sales or production to obtain an emission volume. In accordance with the Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions Supplement to the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard which defines end users as both consumers and business customers that use final products, and with IPIECA’s Estimating petroleum industry value chain (Scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions guidelines, under which reporting of emissions from fuel purchased for resale to non-end users (e.g. traded) is optional, TotalEnergies does not report emissions associated with trading activities. In accordance with ESRS, biogenic CO 2 emissions from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass (from sales of biofuels and biogas) are excluded from Scope 3 and disclosed separately.

Serious road accident

Indirect emissions of greenhouse gases resulting from the production of electricity, steam, heat or cooling, purchased or acquired, and consumed by the sites or activities included in the scope of reporting for climate change-related indicators, net from potential energy sales, excluding purchased industrial gases (H 2 ). If not stated otherwise, TotalEnergies reports Scope 2 GHG emissions according to the market-based method defined by the GHG Protocol. For the purposes of reporting under the ESRS standards, TotalEnergies also reports Scope 2 GHG emissions using the location based method.

Greenhouse gas emissions that remain after implementing emission reduction measures.

Scope 3 GHG emissions

Overturned vehicle or other accident resulting in the injury of a crew member or a passenger (recordable accident) involving a TotalEnergies vehicle or vehicle on long-term contract with TotalEnergies (> 6 months).

Socle Social Commun or ‘Common Social Basis’

The Socle Social Commun or ’Common Social Basis’ is composed of the subsidiaries in France that share the same agreements. Employees of the companies that form the Socle Socail Commun benefit from shared social provisions, notably in the areas of health and life/disability insurance, profit-sharing and employee incentives, employee savings schemes, national and international mobility, and working time.

Other indirect emissions. If not stated otherwise, TotalEnergies reports Scope 3 GHG emissions, category 11, which correspond to indirect GHG emissions related to the direct use-phase emissions of sold products over their expected lifetime (i.e., the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of end users that occur from the combustion of fuels) in accordance with the definition of the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard Supplement. The Company follows the oil & gas industry reporting guidelines published by IPIECA, which comply with the GHG Protocol methodologies. In order to avoid double counting, this methodology accounts for the largest volume in the oil and gas value chains, i.e. the higher of the two

[Page 121] Glossary

Sustainable aviation fuel (SAF)

Upstream oil and gas activities

Used neat, SAF may allow, depending on the feedstocks used and the production pathways, a reduction of up to 90% CO 2 emissions over its full lifecycle, compared with its fossil equivalent (pursuant to the methodology European directive (EU) 2018/2001 modified on the promotion of the use of energy from renewable sources, named RED II.

The Company’s Upstream hydrocarbons activities include the oil and gas exploration and production activities of the Exploration & Production and the Integrated LNG segments. They do not include power generation facilities based on natural gas such as combined-cycle natural gas power plants.

Tier 1 and Tier 2

Worldwide Human Resources Survey (WHRS)

Indicator of the number of loss of primary containment events with more or less significant consequences (fires, explosions, injuries, etc.), as defined by API 754 (for downstream) and IOGP 456 (for upstream) standards. Excluding acts of sabotage and theft.

Molecules aiming to be incorporated into conventional fossilbased aviation fuel. It can be made through different technologies and from different feedstocks: • biomass, e.g. waste and residues sourced from the circular economy such as used cooking oils (pursuant to regulations applicable in the various regions); for example, in Europe, the qualification of sustainable aviation fuel excludes the use of feedstocks derived from crops intended for human or animal consumption), via a mature technology available at industrial scale; • green hydrogen and CO 2 (named e-fuels or synthetic fuels), via a technology still under development.

Transition strategy

An annual study that includes approximately 300 workforce indicators linked to the Company’s Human Resources policies, such as mobility, talent development, training, working conditions, social dialogue, deployment of the Code of Conduct, human rights and health. The survey is conducted among a panel of companies representative of the Company (in terms of workforce and geographic areas), which each year accounts for approximately 90% of the Company's consolidated headcount.

Means the transition strategy of TotalEnergies as described in point 1.2 of the chapter 1 of the Universal Registration Document.

As of today, SAF is not used pure, but is incorporated in varying proportions up to 50% into conventional fossil-based aviation fuel. Incorporation rates vary depending on airlines requests and/or regulations applicable in the different countries.

Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)

Frequency rate of recordable injuries: number of recorded injuries per million hours worked.

For instance, in Europe the regulation ReFuelEU Aviation (EU) 2023/2405 expects minimum shares of SAF calculated as an annual average across all airports in Europe (and then for each airport starting in 2035): 2% starting from 2025, 6% (including 1.2% of synthetic fuel) starting from 2030 and 70% (including 35% of synthetic fuel) starting from 2050.

[Page 122] TRANSFORM AND TRANSPORT PRODUCE DISTRIBUTE

Value Chain

Electricity

Renewable energies

Storage

Gas-ﬁred power plants

Gas

Biomethane

Liqueﬁed Natural Gas

Natural Gas

Biogas

Low-carbon molecules

Fuels

Bioreﬁneries Production E-fuels Recycling

Biofuels, E-fuels, H 2

Oil

Plastics Lubricants

Reﬁneries, Petrochemical

Bioplastics

CO 2

Carbon capture and storage

Natural carbon sinks

Electricity

Solar

Natural gas

Biomass resources

Oil

Wind

Hydrogen

Resources generated from circular management (bio-based plastic, waste, CO 2 )

[Page 123] Disclaimer

normal course of business, may qualify as special items although they may have occurred in prior years or are likely to occur in following years.

Readers are cautioned not to consider forward-looking statements as certain, but as an expression of the Corporation’s views only as of the date this document is published.

(ii) The inventory valuation effect

Unless otherwise stated, the terms “TotalEnergies”, “TotalEnergies company” and “Company” in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” may also be used to refer to these entities or their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate and independent legal entities. The term “Corporation” as used in this document exclusively refers to TotalEnergies SE, which is the parent company of the Company.

TotalEnergies SE and its subsidiaries have no obligation, make no commitment and expressly disclaim any responsibility to investors or any stakeholder to update or revise, particularly as a result of new information or future events, any forward-looking information or statement, objectives or trends contained in this document. In addition, the Corporation has not verified, and is under no obligation to verify any third-party data contained in this document or used in the estimates and assumptions or, more generally, forward-looking statements published in this document.

In accordance with IAS 2, TotalEnergies values inventories of petroleum products in its financial statements according to the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) method and other inventories using the weighted-average cost method. Under the FIFO method, the cost of inventory is based on the historic cost of acquisition or manufacture rather than the current replacement cost. In volatile energy markets, this can have a significant distorting effect on the reported income. Accordingly, the adjusted results of the Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services segments are presented according to the replacement cost method. This method is used to assess the segments’ performance and facilitate the comparability of the segments’ performance with those of its main competitors.

TotalEnergies shall not be liable for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies in the information and data provided by or sourced from third parties contained in this document or used for assumptions, estimates or, more generally, forwardlooking statements published in this document. Users are advised to verify them independently before relying on them.

This document makes reference to greenhouse gas emissions. The Company has control over emissions from the facilities it operates (Scope 1) and their indirect emissions from purchased energy (Scope 2). By contrast, it does not have control over emissions from the end use of its products by its customers (Scope 3), and trends in those emissions depend largely on external factors, such as government policies and customer choices (for additional information on the definition of Scope 1, 2 and 3, refer to the Universal Registration Document). The use in this document of expressions such as “carbon intensity of the products sold by the Company,” “carbon footprint of the Company” or similar expressions, insofar as they include Scope 3 emissions, does not mean that the latter are TotalEnergies emissions.

In the replacement cost method, which approximates the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) method, the variation of inventory values in the statement of income is, depending on the nature of the inventory, determined using either the month-end prices differential between one period and another or the average prices of the period rather than the historical value. The inventory valuation effect is the difference between the results under the FIFO and the replacement cost methods.

(iii) Effect of changes in fair value

The information on risk factors that could have a significant adverse effect on TotalEnergies’ business, financial condition, including its operating income and cash ﬂow, reputation, outlook or the value of financial instruments issued by TotalEnergies is provided in the most recent version of the Universal Registration Document which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers and the annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC.

The effect of changes in fair value presented as an adjustment item reﬂects, for trading inventories and storage contracts, differences between internal measures of performance used by TotalEnergies’ Executive Committee and the accounting for these transactions under IFRS.

Additionally, the developments of climate change and other environmental or social-related issues in this document are based on various frameworks and the interests of various stakeholders which are subject to evolve independently of our will. Moreover, our disclosures on such issues, including disclosures on climate change and other environmental or social-related issues, may include information that is not necessarily "material" under US securities laws for SEC reporting purposes or under applicable securities law.

IFRS requires that trading inventories be recorded at their fair value using period-end spot prices. In order to best reﬂect the management of economic exposure through derivative transactions, internal indicators used to measure performance include valuations of trading inventories based on forward prices.

TotalEnergies, in its trading activities, enters into storage contracts, whose future effects are recorded at fair value in TotalEnergies’ internal economic performance. IFRS precludes recognition of this fair value effect.

This document may contain forward-looking statements (including forwardlooking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995), notably with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business activities and strategy of TotalEnergies and expectations regarding returns to stockholders, including with respect to future dividends and share buybacks. This document may also contain statements regarding the perspectives, objectives and goals of TotalEnergies SE, including with respect to climate change and carbon neutrality. An ambition expresses an outcome desired by TotalEnergies, it being specified that the means to be deployed do not depend solely on TotalEnergies. These forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of the future or conditional tense or forward-looking words such as “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “likely”, “might”, “envisions”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “considers”, “plans”, “expects”, “thinks”, “targets”, “commits”, “aims” or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements included in this document are based on economic data, estimates and assumptions prepared in a given economic, competitive and regulatory environment and considered to be reasonable by TotalEnergies as of the date of this document.

Furthermore, TotalEnergies enters into derivative instruments to risk manage certain operational contracts or assets. Under IFRS, these derivatives are recorded at fair value while the underlying operational transactions are recorded as they occur. Internal indicators defer the fair value on derivatives to match with the transaction occurrence.

In addition to IFRS measures, certain alternative performance indicators are presented, such as performance indicators excluding the adjustment items described below (adjusted net operating income, adjusted net income), net cash ﬂow, free cash ﬂow after organic investments, normalized gearing, return on equity (ROE), return on average capital employed (ROACE), gearing ratio, cash ﬂow from operations excluding working capital, debt adjusted cash ﬂow, and the payout ratio. These indicators are meant to facilitate the analysis of the financial performance of TotalEnergies and the comparison of income between periods. They allow investors to track the measures used internally to manage and measure the performance of TotalEnergies.

The adjusted results (adjusted net operating income, adjusted net income) are defined as replacement cost results, adjusted for special items, excluding the effect of changes in fair value.

Financial information by business segment is reported in accordance with the internal reporting system and shows internal segment information that is used to manage and measure the performance of TotalEnergies. TotalEnergies measures performance at the segment level on the basis of adjusted net operating income.

These adjustment items include:

Euro amounts presented for the fully adjusted-diluted earnings per share represent dollar amounts converted at the average euro-dollar (€-$) exchange rate for the applicable period and are not the result of financial statements prepared in euros.

(i) Special items

Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors –U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in the Form 20-F of TotalEnergies SE, File N° 1-10888, available from us at 2, place Jean Millier – Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault - 92078 ParisLa Défense Cedex, France, or at the Corporation website totalenergies.com. You can also obtain this form from the SEC by calling 1-800-SEC-0330 or on the SEC’s website sec.gov.

Due to their unusual nature or particular significance, certain transactions qualifying as "special items" are excluded from the business segment figures. In general, special items relate to transactions that are significant, infrequent, or unusual. However, in certain instances, transactions such as restructuring costs or assets disposals, which are not considered to be representative of the

These forward-looking statements are not historical data and should not be interpreted as assurances that the perspectives, objectives or goals announced will be achieved. They are uncertain and may evolve or be modified with a significant difference between the actual results and those initially estimated, due to the uncertainties notably related to the economic, financial, competitive and regulatory environment, or due to the occurrence of risk factors, such as, notably, the price ﬂuctuations in crude oil and natural gas, the evolution of the demand and price of petroleum products, the changes in production results and reserves estimates, the ability to achieve cost reductions and operating efficiencies without unduly disrupting business operations, changes in laws and regulations including those related to the environment and climate, currency ﬂuctuations, technological innovations, meteorological conditions and events, as well as socio-demographic, economic and political developments, changes in market conditions, loss of market share and changes in consumer preferences, pandemics, and other risk factors described from time to time in the Corporation’s regulatory filings, including its Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers , its Annual Report on Form 20 F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and its other reports filed or furnished with the SEC.

[Page 124] About TotalEnergies

Iconography

pictures/TotalEnergies - TotalEnergies EP Ouganda, Eurico Kupessa – Sylviane Fassier/TotalEnergies - Adrien Daste/TotalEnergies - Guillaume Bression/Capa pictures/TotalEnergies - Corinne Simon/Corporate News Factory/TotalEnergies - Alan Gonzales – IshanTankha Ishan/Elephant at work/TotalEnergies - TotalEnergies EP Ouganda - TotalEnergies EP Ouganda - TotalEnergies EP Ratawi Hub –TotalEnergies EP Suriname B.V., Branch - DelAgua Health Rwanda (Implementation) Limited – Jean-Michel Ducasse/TotalEnergies. • Infographics: SouïManga for Babel, Ikigaï.

TotalEnergies is a global integrated energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels, natural gas, biogas and low-carbon hydrogen, renewables and electricity. Our more than 100,000 employees are committed to provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable, more affordable and more sustainable. Active in about 120 countries, TotalEnergies places sustainability at the heart of its strategy, its projects and its operations.

Design & Layout

Cover: Cody Porche/TotalEnergies, Miguel Schincariol/TotalEnergies, VPAUL/ TotalEnergies Alain Jocard/AFP/TotalEnergies – CAPA Pictures/TotalEnergies - DelAgua Health Rwanda (Implemention) Limited - Scott Dalton/Capa Pictures/ TotalEnergies - L'Oeil du Chat/TotalEnergies - Scott Dalton/Capa pictures/ TotalEnergies - Guido Harari, De Paula Guido/TotalEnergies – Drone/ TotalEnergies – Juan-David Llamas/TotalEnergies - TotalEnergies Bitumen Deutschland GmbH - Ambiente y Energia SAS – OGDC – OGDC – Airbus - MyPhotoAgency/TotalEnergies - Guido Harari, De Paula Guido/TotalEnergies – Onja Razafitialonina/Capa Pictures/TotalEnergies, Patrick Sordoillet/Capa Pictures/TotalEnergies – TEPNG Country Services - Scott Dalton/Capa

Ruban Blanc / Babel

TotalEnergies SE 2, place Jean-Millier 92 400 Courbevoie – France Ph: +33 (0)1 47 44 45 46

Capital Social: €5,471,001,187.50

542 051 180 RCS Nanterre www.totalenergies.com