[Page 1] UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025

INCLUDING ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

[Page 2] SUMMARY

Strategic vision & Group priorities 2

5 Information on the share capital and share ownership 319

ENGIE at a glance 4

5.1 Information on the share capital 320

5.2 Non-equity securities 323

5.3 Green bonds 324

1 Presentation of the Group 7

5.4 Share ownership 337

5.5 Financial reporting schedule 339

1.1 Presentation and history 8

1.2 Strategy and organization 9

1.3 Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025 15

6 Financial Information 341

1.4 Research and innovation 34

1.5 Financial performance 35

6.1 Review of the ˱nancial position 342

6.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements 354

1.6 Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance 37

1.7 Property, plant and equipment 41

6.3 Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements 468

6.4 Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025 475

6.5 Statutory auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements 527

2 Risk factors and internal control 43

2.1 Risk management process 45

2.2 Risk factors 47

2.3 Internal control procedures 62

7 Additional information 531

7.1 General information on ENGIE and its bylaws 532

7.2 Material contracts 533

3 Sustainability Statement and Vigilance Plan 67

7.3 Litigation and arbitration 534

3.1 Sustainability Statement 68

7.4 Public documents 534

3.2 Vigilance Plan 220

7.5 Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document 534

7.6 Conversion table 535

7.7 Units of measurement 535

4 Corporate governance 251

7.8 Short forms and acronyms 536

7.9 Glossary 537

4.1 Governance organization and operations 252

7.10 Cross-reference table 540

4.2 Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee 287

4.3 Additional information concerning corporate governance 311

4.4 Corporate Governance Code 317

Information disclosed in the Annual Financial Report is indicated in the contents by the pictograme

4.5 Statutory auditors' special report on regulated agreements 318

[Page 3] UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025

INCLUDING ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

ENGIE is a leading global energy company focused on renewable energies and decentralized, low-carbon energy networks, supporting its customers in the drive to decarbonize. Leveraging our industrial approach and guided by our purpose, we are uniquely positioned to build the lowcarbon energy system of the future and meet the challenges of climate change

The Universal Registration Document was ˱led on March 12, 2026 with the French ˱nancial markets authority ( Autorité des marchés ˶nanciers – AMF) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129, without prior approval pursuant to Article 9 of the aforementioned regulation. The Universal Registration Document may be used for the purposes of a public offering of securities or admission of securities to trading on a regulated market if it is supplemented by a prospectus and, if applicable, a summary of any amendments to the Universal Registration Document. This package of documents is approved by the AMF in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

This is a translation into English of the original Universal Registration Document issued in French and is available on www.engie.com. This translation is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking readers. The annual ˱nancial report is a reproduction of the of˱cial version of the annual ˱nancial report which has been prepared in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) and is also available on www.engie.com/en.

[Page 4] STRATEGIC VISION & GROUP PRIORITIES

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CATHERINE MACGREGOR Chief Executive Of ˱cer JEAN-PIERRE CLAMADIEU Chairman of the Board of Directors

Based on your observations, what dynamics are transforming the global energy landscape?

Finally, while public opinion seems less sensitive to climate issues, the effects of global warming are all around us, and 2025 ranked among the three hottest years on record.

Against a backdrop of global upheaval, what pathway is the energy transition taking?

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu: 2025 marked a tipping point with far‑reaching consequences for governments and businesses alike. The hardening of the balance of power between partners was unprecedented, while governments and businesses were caught off-guard by the questioning of rules and the weakening of institutions previously considered to be stable. These geopolitical tensions incorporate energy issues now more than ever, as we are seeing with the situation in the Middle East.

Catherine MacGregor: In this geopolitical context, energy is clearly a central issue. The energy transition is accelerating in response to government needs to secure reliable, abundant and low-carbon energy. In this sense, renewable energies bolster a country’s sovereignty by reducing dependence on imported fossil fuels.

The AI race between the United States and China is fueling remarkable growth in electricity demand, while oil and gas are once again becoming a major issue in US foreign policy. This growth is being driven by a steady decline in the cost of battery-related renewables and, for gas, by the strong momentum of LNG rollout, particularly from the United States. In Europe, awareness of external dependencies is encouraging a return to local content.

Energy players are at the forefront of these changes, demonstrating their resilience as the sector continues to grow and as investment needs open up new prospects. They are adapting to rapid and sometimes unpredictable changes in legal frameworks, which can lead to some projects being slowed down or reconsidered due to lack of visibility or stability.

Our Group is a major player in this transition, which is nevertheless progressing with different dynamics and drivers in different regions. In the United States, the term energy “addition” is used rather than “transition”, and renewables remain an effective response to increasing energy demand. In China, the energy transition is ˱rst and foremost a strategic lever, as demonstrated by the intensity of R&D efforts and the unrivaled pace of deployment of new renewable capacities. India, like other countries in the Middle East, is also setting concrete and ambitious targets. More than ever, Europe's trajectory is based on a strategic imperative: strengthening its sovereignty and sustaining its competitiveness, while maintaining the course set by its climate goals.

[Page 5] heating and cooling networks in Europe and strengthened our role in decarbonizing the industry among key players. At a time when demand for electricity is being driven by AI players and data centers, we have con˱rmed our position as the global leader in PPAs, with 4.8 GW contracted over the year with major clients such as Meta, Google and Apple. 2025 was also an important year in Belgium, where we ˱nalized the agreement with the Belgian government on nuclear waste and made major operational advances.

“Our robust utility model means we can face the future with con ˱dence”

Where does Europe stand in its energy transition?

A clear sign of our ˱nancial strength, at the end of the year our market capitalization exceeded €50 billion, and has strengthened. LINK 2025, the special edition of ENGIE's employee shareholding plan launched to mark the brand's 10 th

anniversary, was a huge success, pointing to the support and con ˱dence of our teams in the Group's strategy.

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu: In 2025, for the ˱rst time, the majority of the European Union's electricity generation came from renewable sources. This illustrates the importance of the efforts made over the last decade to make electricity generation greener.

Our robust utility model proved its worth, giving us a unique positioning and enabling us to face the future with con˱dence.

What can you tell us about the agreement signed with CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited to acquire UK Power Networks?

Europe boasts major assets that can strengthen its energy sovereignty. These range from a highly interconnected grid, an integrated market and an energy mix that capitalize on the strengths of each region, from Scandinavian hydroelectricity to offshore wind and solar power in the South. It is now taking stock of these assets and capitalizing on them, while strengthening its infrastructure network.

Signi˱cant progress is still to be made in electri˱cation – particularly in industry and transport – but also in the development of a competitive green molecule offering, which is essential if the European Union is to achieve the 2050 targets it has set itself.

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu: This acquisition represents an important step in the Group's transformation. We are signi ˱cantly increasing our presence in electricity infrastructures, which are an essential pillar of the energy transition. This strengthens the Group's regulated pro˱le, while offering us opportunities for growth in a sector and a country with considerable needs.

What conditions are needed to guarantee an affordable energy transition for citizens and businesses alike?

Catherine MacGregor: The acquisition of UK Power Networks is proof of the ambition we expressed nearly two years ago to develop our electrical distribution business. The fact that this acquisition is in the UK – a country that has set itself a clear course for decarbonization and electri ˱cation – means we will bene˱t from a particularly mature regulatory framework that values performance and customer satisfaction.

UK Power Networks is a "best-in-class" all-round electricity distributor, serving 8.5 million customers in London, the East and the South East of England. It stands out for the scope and quality of its network, for its operational and economic performance recognized by the regulator, and for the expertise of its 6,500 employees. Thanks to this acquisition, the Group is now positioned across all growth drivers of the energy transition.

Catherine MacGregor: We are convinced that only a pragmatic approach based on an energy mix combining electrons and molecules will enable us to drive an energy transition that is affordable for everyone. This model is based on the development of renewable electric energies combined with ˳exibility solutions such as battery storage. It enables us to supply all our customers with abundant green electricity that is available in the right place at the right time. The guarantee of affordable energy also relies on a system dependent on gas, which is essential for sectors that cannot be electri˱ed. The transition in the gas sector continues, with biomethane solutions today and hydrogen in the future. All these energy vectors will be rolled out thanks to the networks and interconnections that balance our energy system.

Is ENGIE's strategy still aligned with the Group's purpose?

For all these reasons, energy policies and regulatory frameworks must be stable, and we must play a decisive role in developing competitive local industrial sectors.

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu: Yes, absolutely, and the Board of Directors pays very close attention to this. The Group's transformation continues, and our strategy remains closely aligned with our purpose, reconciling economic performance with positive societal impact.

And ˱nally, our integrated model allows us to offer the most appropriate solutions in the countries where we operate. To ensure accessibility and support an affordable energy transition, we are constantly boosting the competitiveness and performance of all our entities.

How did ENGIE deliver on its strategy in 2025?

In 2025, we celebrated 10 years of the ENGIE brand; an excellent opportunity to remind ourselves that 2015 was a decisive turning point: that of the Paris Agreement when the climate emergency was clearly recognized by political leaders and company executives.

Catherine MacGregor: By clarifying and consolidating the scope of our Global Business Units, our new organization strengthened our collective ef ˱ciency, and we can be proud of what we achieved.

ENGIE is continuing to follow this trajectory and at the 2025 Shareholders’ Meeting, we presented a broader climate strategy with more ambitious targets. We have integrated climate change adaptation measures, in addition to the mitigation measures, which is essential if we are to ensure the Group's long-term viability at a time of heightened risk. The challenge is to ensure the resilience of our assets, our supply chains and the health and safety of our people.

As regards renewable energies, we reached our target of 50 GW of installed capacity and stepped up our pace in storage projects. We are now positioned as a benchmark player in the industry. At the same time, we made progress on electricity infrastructures, particularly in Latin America, and continued to decarbonize gas, injecting 14.5 TWh of biomethane into the French gas network over the year. And, because the transition also happens at the local level, we continued to expand in

At a time when some players are scaling back their climate ambitions, our Group is maintaining its goal of achieving Net Zero Carbon by 2045 and is providing itself with the means to do so!

[Page 6] ENGIE AT A GLANCE

ENGIE IS A WORLD LEADER IN THE ENERGY TRANSITION

Accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy

Enshrined in the Group’s bylaws, “the purpose ( raison d'être ) of ENGIE is to act to accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, through low-energy solutions that are more respectful of the environment. This purpose brings together the company, its employees, customers and shareholders and reconciles economic performance and positive impact on people and the planet. ENGIE's action is assessed in its entirety and over time.”

ENGIE in figures

91,189 232 TWh 19.5 m

employees of electricity delivered to end‑customers B2C energy supply contracts

307,650 km 57.2 GW 45.5 GW

of total installed capacity in renewals and batteries of thermal electricity production capacity

of gas and electricity transport, transmission and distribution networks

2025 financial indicators

€71.9 bn €27.6 bn €4.9 bn €5.3 bn

in growth CapEx

in revenues in green bonds issued since 2014 in net recurring income, Group share from continuing operations

3.1 €8.8 bn € 1.35

economic net debt/ EBITDA ratio in EBIT excluding nuclear 2025 proposed dividend per share

Rating Strong investment grade

[Page 7] EBIT worldwide at December 31, 2025

NORTHAM SOUTHAM EUROPE FRANCE AMEA

€0.8bn €2.1bn €2.2bn €3.9bn €0.5bn

North America: Canada, United States Central and South America: Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Peru

Belgium, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, United Kingdom

GRDF, NaTran, Elengy, Storengy Asia, Middle East, Africa: Algeria, Australia, Egypt, Gulf Cooperation Council (Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates), India, Japan, Malaysia, Morocco, Senegal, Singapore, Pakistan, Philippines, South Africa

Renewables & Flex Power Networks Local Energy Infrastructures Supply & Energy Management Nuclear

2025 ESG indicators

45 Mt CO 2 eq. 33 % 50 %

women among Group managers in renewable electricity production capacity

of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions related to energy production

[Page 8] Annual Financial Report, Management Report, Board of Directors’ Report on corporate governance, an additional special report and sustainability information

This Universal Registration Document includes:

• all the items of the Annual Financial Report mentioned in Section I of Article L.451-1-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code ( Code monétaire et ˶nancier ), and in Article 222-3 of the AMF’s General Regulations;

• all the mandatory information included in the Management Report of the Board of Directors to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29, 2026, as stipulated in Article L. 225-100 of the French Commercial Code ( Code de commerce );

• all the information included in the Board of Directors’ Report on corporate governance as provided for in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code;

• the special report on free share allocations provided for in Article L. 225-197-4 of the French Commercial Code;

• sustainability information mentioned in Articles L. 232-6-3 and R. 232-8-4 of the French Commercial Code.

A table cross-referencing the documents mentioned in these texts and the corresponding headings in this document can be found in Section 7.10 of this Universal Registration Document.

Incorporation by reference

In accordance with Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of June 14, 2017, this Universal Registration Document incorporates by reference the following information, to which the reader should refer:

• for the year ended December 31, 2024: the Management Report, consolidated ˱nancial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and the related Statutory Auditors’ report appearing on pages 322 to 336 and 337 to 453 of the Universal Registration Document ˱led with the AMF on March 13, 2025, under No. D. 25-0091;

• for the year ended December 31, 2023: the Management Report, consolidated ˱nancial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and the related Statutory Auditors’ report appearing on pages 236 to 252 and 253 to 374 of the Universal Registration Document ˱led with the AMF on March 7, 2024, under No. D. 24-0085;

The information included in these documents, along with the information mentioned above, is replaced or updated by the information included in this Universal Registration Document. These documents are available under the conditions described in Section 7.4 Public documents of this Universal Registration Document.

Forward-looking information and market data

This Universal Registration Document contains forward-looking information, particularly in Section 1.1 Presentation and history, Section 1.3 Description of the Group’s activities, Section 3.1.2.1.4 Climate change mitigation and energy transition matter and Section 6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance. This information is not historical data and therefore should not be construed as a guarantee that the events and data mentioned will occur or that the targets will be achieved, since these are by nature subject to unpredictable events and external factors, such as those described in Chapter 2 Risk factors and internal control.

Unless otherwise stated, the market data included in this Universal Registration Document comes from internal estimates by ENGIE based on publicly available data.

Note

In this Universal Registration Document, the terms “ENGIE”, the “Company”, the “Issuer” and the “Enterprise” refer to the French public limited company ( société anonyme ) ENGIE. The term “Group” refers to ENGIE and its subsidiaries. A conversion table, a list of units of measurement, short forms and acronyms, a glossary of the most frequently used technical terms and a thematic index are featured in Sections 7.6, 7.7, 7.8, 7.9 and 7.10 of this Universal Registration Document. Copies of this Universal Registration Document are available free of charge on the Company website (www.engie.com/en) on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org/en) and at ENGIE, 67 rue Jules Ferry, 92250 La Garenne-Colombes (France).

[Page 9] PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

1.1 Presentation and history 8

1.4 Research and innovation 34

1.1.1 Presentation 8

1.4.1 Description and organization 34

1.1.2 History and development of the Company 8

1.4.2 Research activities 34

1.2 Strategy and organization 9

1.5 Financial performance 35

1.2.1 A portfolio of complementary activities 10

1.5.1 Highlights 35

1.5.2 Financial objectives for 2026-2028 35

1.2.2 The value generated by the Group's integrated model 11

1.5.3 2025 key ˱nancial ˱gures 36

1.2.3 Levers to support the Group's performance 13

1.2.4 Organization of the Group 13

1.6 Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance 37

1.6.1 ESG policies 37

1.3 Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025 15

1.6.2 Achievement of ESG targets by 2030 38

1.3.1 Renewables & Flex Power GBU 15

1.6.3 ESG ratings 40

1.3.2 Networks GBU 19

1.7 Property, plant and equipment 41

1.3.3 Local Energy Infrastructures GBU 27

1.3.4 Supply & Energy Management GBU 29

1.3.5 Nuclear 31

1.3.6 Other 32

1.3.7 Group business model 33

[Page 10] Presentation of the Group

Presentation and history

1.1 PRESENTATION AND HISTORY

1.1.1 Presentation

second-largest hydropower operator in France and the largest independent hydropower producer in Brazil. ENGIE is also a pioneer in ˳oating offshore wind, developed through its joint venture (1) with EDP Renováveis, Ocean Winds.

• Flexibility

“ENGIE's purpose, or raison d'être , is to act to accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy through low-energy solutions that are more respectful of the environment. This purpose brings together the company and its employees, customers and shareholders and reconciles economic performance and positive impact on people and the planet. ENGIE's action is assessed in its entirety and over time. ˮ

With the growing market share of intermittent renewable power generation, the power generation system is facing new and mounting strain and a need for ˳exible resources. Thermal gas generation, battery storage and pumped storage help meet peak electricity demand and provide ˳exibility on various timescales. The Group is one of the leading power producers in Europe, notably supplying grid ˳exibility solutions via its gas-˱red power plants (15.8 GW in Europe in 2025). It also invests in the development of battery capacities to bring the necessary ˳exibility to the electricity grid (4.7 GW worldwide in 2025).

• Energy supply and management

The Group is active across the entire energy transition value chain and its integrated model enables it to create more value and enhances its resilience. ENGIE's commitment to accelerating the energy transition is best demonstrated by its commitment to achieve Net Zero Carbon (1) by 2045. By reliably providing affordable and accessible energy to all its customers, ENGIE is stepping up to its role of ful ˱lling an essential public service mission for society. The energy value chain consists of production, ˳exible power generation solutions (including thermal power plants (1) and batteries), transportation via centralized and decentralized energy networks, gas and electricity supply, and, lastly, energy management, which links each of these stages for optimization purposes:

• Production

Production includes renewable electricity (centralized and decentralized), nuclear power (centralized), in which the Group is a leader in Belgium, renewable gas (biomethane (1) , green hydrogen (1) ), production of heating and cooling, energy for industrial customers (distributed solar, geothermal, heat pumps, boilers, biomass (1) , etc.) and water from seawater desalination (1) . With 57.2 GW of installed renewable energy and storage capacity worldwide (1) in 2025, ENGIE is the number one wind and solar energy company in France and the second-largest developer in Europe. It is also the

Worldwide, ENGIE supplies gas and electricity to almost 200,000 businesses and has nearly 20 million contracts with residential and small business customers. In Europe, ENGIE is one of the top gas and electricity sellers and one of the top gas importers (2) . In France, ENGIE is the historic leader of gas marketing and the second-largest supplier of electricity. In Belgium, through its subsidiary Electrabel, ENGIE is the leading supplier of electricity and natural gas (3) . ENGIE is also a global leader in long-term green corporate Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), with 4.8 GW signed in 2025 ( Corporate Power Purchase Agreement – Corporate PPA (1) ). For the purposes of energy management, the Group's teams connect its assets to markets and customers.

1.1.2 History and development of the Company

The Company is the result of the merger of SUEZ with Gaz de France, following the decisions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings of Gaz de France and SUEZ of July 16, 2008. The merger took effect on July 22, 2008.

private sector. On July 22, 2008, Gaz de France absorbed SUEZ in a merger which entailed transferring the majority of the Company's share capital to the private sector. The new Company took the name GDF SUEZ.

SUEZ itself was the result of the merger in 1997 of Compagnie de Suez and Lyonnaise des Eaux. SUEZ became an international industrial and services group whose objective was to meet essential requirements in electricity, gas, energy and industry services, water and waste management. On July 9, 2007, SUEZ completed its takeover bid for all outstanding shares in Electrabel.

Gaz de France was initially incorporated in 1946 as a French public industrial and commercial enterprise ( Établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial ). It became a limited liability company with a 99-year term under French Act No. 2004-803 of August 9, 2004 on the public service of electricity and gas and electricity and gas companies (amending French Act No. 46-628 of April 8, 1946).

On July 7, 2005, Gaz de France publicly ˳oated its shares on the stock market. The Company's shares were ˱rst listed on July 7, 2005.

The deregulation of European energy markets in the early 1990s accelerated the international development of both Gaz de France and SUEZ, which progressively expanded their activities beyond their respective traditional markets, both in Europe and the rest of the world. This development continued with GDF SUEZ.

French Act No. 2004-803 of August 9, 2004, as amended by French Act No. 2006-1537 of December 7, 2006, governing the energy sector and Decree 2007-1784 of December 19, 2007, authorized the transfer of the Company from the public to the

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9. (2) Source: Commission de Régulation de l'Énergie (CRE - French energy regulator), of˶cial data 2024 and 2025 forecast. (3) Source: Commission de régulation de l’électricité et du gaz (CREG - Belgian electricity and gas regulator).

[Page 11] Presentation of the Group

Strategy and organization

In 2019, accelerating the energy transition became the Group's stated objective.

On February 3, 2011, GDF SUEZ completed a merger with International Power. In 2012, it reaf ˱rmed its strategy to become a leading player on the global energy market, ˱nalizing the purchase of shares held by the minority shareholders of International Power on June 29.

On October 4, 2022, ENGIE completed the sale of EQUANS, the operating entity in charge of multi-technical services, to the Bouygues Group, which represented a major step in the implementation of the Group's strategic plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The SUEZ Environnement Company shareholders' agreement expired on July 22, 2013, and was not renewed. The cooperation and shared functions agreement and the ˱nancing agreement between the Company and SUEZ Environnement Company also came to an end. The Company then used the equity method to account for SUEZ Environnement Company's activities, rather than full consolidation.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On July 29, 2015, the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of GDF SUEZ approved the change of company name to “ENGIE”.

On February 26, 2026, ENGIE announced that it had signed an agreement to acquire 100% of UK Power Networks (UKPN), the UK's benchmark electricity distributor. This operation is a major step forward in ENGIE's ambition to become the best energy transition utility by building on its position in regulated electricity networks. It will also anchor the Group's presence in the United Kingdom, which will become its second largest country in terms of sales.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In early March 2016, ENGIE and SUEZ signed an agreement providing for the contribution by ENGIE to SUEZ of all of the share capital of SUEZ IP, which owned all intellectual property rights related to the SUEZ brand. On October 5, 2020, ENGIE sold the majority of its stake in SUEZ, i.e., 29.9% of the capital, to VEOLIA. On January 18, 2022, ENGIE contributed its remaining 1.8% stake in SUEZ to the public tender offer initiated by VEOLIA.

Since 2021, ENGIE has comprised four Global Business Units (GBU), one operating entity (Nuclear) and a group of support functions coordinated at Group level and pooled at regional level. Energy markets continue to undergo rapid development, with a growing need for ˳exible solutions to guarantee the energy system's stability, as renewable energies become a main source of production and customer demand for carbon‑free energy increases. Consequently, in order to capitalize on these opportunities and draw full value from its integrated model, ENGIE adjusted the scope of its GBU in February 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.2 STRATEGY AND ORGANIZATION

The Group's ambition is based on a three-dimensional business model: a portfolio of complementary activities, value creation thanks to an integrated business model, underpinned by an industrial culture and transformation levers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Thanks to its long history, ENGIE is now in a position to act as a catalyst for the energy transition. The Group's ambition is to build on this position to be the best energy transition utility. More speci ˱cally, the Group aims to be a leading player in every country where it operates, at the highest level of quality, with the best talent.

A

T

I

M

O

R

N

O

F

L

S

E

N

V

A

E

R

R

T

S

D

E

P

C

O

N

R

T

A

L

F

A

O

L

B

I

A portfolio of complementary activities...

A

O

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

F

I

O

N

T

E

E

U

G

L

R

A

A

V

T

I

E

O

H

T

N

...creating value thanks to an integrated model...

...underpinned by an industrial culture and transformation levers

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE has a portfolio of complementary activities along the entire energy transition value chain, including regulated activities, medium and long-term contracted activities and activities exposed to market prices. Most of these complementary activities work in synergy, while respecting the rules of independence and separation of regulated

activities. This synergy maximizes their value and minimizes the risks related to a complex and uncertain environment, forming the basis of ENGIE’s integrated model. In addition, ENGIE's ambition is to continue transforming and developing its industrial culture to focus on performance and continuous improvement.

[Page 12] Presentation of the Group

Strategy and organization

1.2.1 A portfolio of complementary activities

Four types of activities cover the entire energy transition value chain, whose complementarity and synergy form the basis of ENGIE’s integrated model and for which it has set ambitious targets:

Flexibility Production

• Thermal • Pumped storage • Batteries • Flexibility in demand and on-site production

• Centralized renewable electricity • Decentralized solar electricity • Renewable gas • Heating, air conditioning and energy production at industrial customer sites • Desalination • Nuclear

Energy supply and management Centralized and local infrastructure

• Energy sales and risk management

• Gas infrastructure • Electricity networks • District heating networks • EV charging stations

1.2.1.1 Production

per year in Europe by 2035, with 50 TWh of injection capacity on the networks in France by 2030. As for local production of heat, cooling and electricity from renewable and recovered sources, the Group is aiming to distribute 20 TWh to its customers by 2030.

Production contributes to decarbonizing the energy system by increasing the share of renewable energy sources in ENGIE's energy mix. The Group’s aim is to reach 95 GW of installed renewable and storage capacity by 2030, i.e., an average of 7.5 GW of additional capacity per year. As regards green gases (1) , the Group aims to produce 10 TWh of biomethane

1.2.1.2 Flexibility

pump-turbine electricity storage, for their part, meet ˳exibility needs for hourly balancing. Lastly, downstream in the chain, demand-side management also represents a resource to support ˳exibility. The Group is developing tools that operate automatically and remotely to alleviate strain on the power system during heavy load periods.

In the integrated model, production goes hand in hand with ˳exibility solutions. The Group is one of the leading power producers in Europe, notably supplying solutions that provide ˳exibility to the network via its gas-˱red power plants. It is also investing in the development of battery capacities. More precisely, thermal gas generation enables the Group to meet peak electricity demand and seasonal variations. Battery and

1.2.1.3 Centralized and local infrastructure

Intermittent and storable energy production, combined with ˳exibility solutions, relies on both centralized and local infrastructures for transmission and distribution. This is an important element of ENGIE’s integrated model. With regard to centralized infrastructure, the Group’s strategy consists of making sure that gas infrastructure operates ef˱ciently, adapting it to the rise of biomethane and hydrogen, and developing electrical infrastructure worldwide. The energy transition will require massive investment in electricity

networks around the world over the coming years, as they are an enabler for decarbonizing (1) the energy system. By 2030, the Group plans to have installed 10,000 km of power transmission lines (1) in Latin America. With regard to local infrastructures, the Group is focusing its development on urban heating and cooling networks, energy infrastructures at industrial sites and charging stations for electric vehicles, with the aim of managing 550, 250 and 25,000 of these respectively by 2030.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 13] Presentation of the Group

Strategy and organization

1.2.1.4 Energy supply and management

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In terms of energy management, the Group optimizes the value of its energy, gas, renewable energies and storage assets, and manages portfolio risks across all its markets, thereby contributing to competitiveness and enabling the Group to fully deploy its integrated model.

The gas and electricity supply business involves selling energy. In all supply markets, ENGIE’s aim is to become a reliable, trusted partner and to support customers through the energy transition. To this end, the Group's priority is to market more and more green energy contracts with digital solutions including consumption management. By 2030, it aims to sell 300 TWh of electricity worldwide.

1.2.2 The value generated by the Group's integrated model

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE's integrated model maximizes the Group's value creation and resilience through three types of value sources:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• managing risk and increasing revenues through portfolio effects and market optimization . In practical terms, this means streamlining the production, transmission and supply of energy by combining the Group's generation assets with storage and ˳exibility solutions, and linking these assets to end-customers via the marketing of electricity or gas to homes and businesses;

• industrial synergies . Economies of scale and standardization efforts create industrial synergies that improve process ef ˱ciency, reduce costs and mitigate operational risks (rationalized purchasing, pooled support functions, etc.). ENGIE launched the Global Enterprise Transformation (GET) program to accelerate ERP system standardization, the pooling of support functions and process ef˱ciency. Similarly, the standardization and sharing of expertise, particularly in the renewable energies sector, have led to signi˱cant ef˱ciency gains. For example, engineering skills in India have been insourced. This move was accompanied by the sharing of expertise at regional level, to support the development of 30 projects in the AMEA region (increasing negotiating power with Chinese EPC contractors).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• financial strength and increased investment potential through a reduced cost of capital , portfolio diversi ˱cation and a consolidated balance sheet. Thanks to its regulated network activities, with their inherently stable and predictable revenues, the Group bene ˱ts from a favorable credit rating and therefore a relatively low cost of capital compared with industry peers that do not have regulated assets. What's more, the Group's presence in 31 geographies via its four Global Business Units (GBU) in its consolidated balance sheet brings diversi ˱cation and pooled resources to mitigate risks;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 14] Presentation of the Group

Strategy and organization

A MATRIX ORGANIZATION FOCUSED ON STRATEGY IMPLEMENTATION (in place since February 1, 2025)

Activities built around core businesses

Transformation & Geographies

Pooled support functions

Global Business Support

ASIA, MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA NORTH AMERICA EUROPE (excl. France) FRANCE

Europe North America South America

Asia, Middle East and Africa

RENEWABLES & FLEX POWER

ENERGY SOLUTIONS

NETWORKS

Rest of Europe Americas

GRDF Natran Elengy Storengy

4 Global Business Units

France Rest of Europe

Asia, Middle East and Africa

LOCAL ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURES

Europe Americas Asia, Middle East and Africa

SUPPLY & ENERGY MANAGEMENT

NUCLEAR

Europe Belgium and drawing rights in France

1 Operating entity

Human Resources Data, Digital & IT, Strategy, Research & Innovation

Finance, Environment, Social and Governance, Purchasing

Functional departments at Group level

Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs, Communication

Greater pooling of support functions

[Page 15] Presentation of the Group

Strategy and organization

1.2.3 Levers to support the Group's performance

The Group’s determination to be the best energy transition utility requires it to continue improving in the various levers that support its activities. The most important of these areas

include digital technology and arti ˱cial intelligence, people development, commercial intelligence, and the ongoing pursuit to enhance performance.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.2.4 Organization of the Group

Logically, the Group’s organization follows the energy value chain, from production to supply, and is composed of the following entities:

• the support functions , which operate in each geographic area (regional hubs) and at the individual country level. They have a key role in terms of support for the Global Business Units' activities and the development of synergies;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• four Global Business Units , namely the Renewables & Flex Power GBU, Networks GBU, Local Energy Infrastructures GBU, and Supply & Energy Management GBU. The nuclear business is organized under a dedicated operating entity, separate from the Global Business Units;

• the Transformation & Geographies Department ensures that the Group's strategy is consistent, coordinated and properly implemented at the level of each country platform. The Group’s engineering and consulting company, Tractebel, also reports to this department.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The organization operates based on a matrix set up between the business line entities and the functional departments, broken down into geographic areas.

• the Group’s functional departments , which oversee support functions in support of Executive Management and in coordination with the four GBU. They draw up and roll out Group policies and oversee ˱nancial and non-˱nancial performance;

1.2.4.1 Description of the Global Business Units and the Nuclear operating entity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The four GBU are responsible for their results at the global level and the implementation of the strategy within their respective business segments. This means that, within their respective scopes and the framework established by Executive Management (1) , each GBU is responsible for:

• de ˱ning the development strategy, making decisions and arbitrating on investments;

• managing industrial assets, operational excellence, safety and security;

To contribute to the decarbonization of cities, industrial sites and buildings, the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU develops and operates decentralized low-carbon infrastructures. More speci ˱cally, the GBU’s activities are divided into three main categories: local energy networks (particularly urban heating and cooling networks, electric and natural gas charging stations for vehicles (GNV) for low-carbon mobility), on-site energy production (heating, cooling and power production using solar panels, energy storage, etc.) and energy performance and management services (consulting, engineering and energy performance services) (see Section 1.3.3).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• managing performance processes, resources, expertise and the rollout of digital tools.

The operating activities in the countries report to the corresponding GBU.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Renewables & Flex Power GBU comprises centralized production activities and activities supporting ˳exibility. More speci˱cally, this GBU develops and operates solar, onshore and offshore wind and hydroelectric power generation assets, as well as ˳exibility assets including electricity storage assets (notably batteries) and thermal assets (such as Combined Cycle Gas Turbines or CCGTs), in order to supply more green and smart electrons (see Section 1.3.1).

To optimize the operation of the Group’s assets and supply all customers with reliable, sustainable energy, the Supply & Energy Management GBU comprises energy supply activities for large companies, industries and local authorities (BtoB) and smalland medium-sized businesses and individuals (BtoC), as well as energy management activities. More speci ˱cally, energy management activities involve managing the risks associated with energy volume ˳ows (production and sales), and consequently optimizing market assets. These activities also include offering energy management solutions to support the decarbonization of the Group’s activities and those of its customers (see Section 1.3.4).

The Networks GBU is dedicated to delivering energy, and encompasses activities related to centralized infrastructure. It develops and operates gas transmission and distribution (2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Nuclear operating entity has similar responsibilities to the GBU in their respective business segments. It is dedicated to the operational management of nuclear production units in Belgium and the rights held in the French power plants (see Section 1.3.5).

networks, underground gas storage (1) and lique ˱ed natural gas (LNG) (1) terminals, as well as power transmission lines. It is also responsible for deploying the production of green molecules such as biomethane, green hydrogen and e‑molecules (see Section 1.3.2).

Each GBU and the Nuclear operating entity is overseen by an Executive Vice President, who is a member of the Executive Committee (see Section 4.1.3 Executive Management). These GBU and this entity, under this sole authority, are responsible for managing the entire business division at the global level.

(1) Within the limits of the provisions of the Energy Code and the regulatory requirements applicable to entities forming part of the Networks GBU. (2) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 16] Presentation of the Group

Strategy and organization

1.2.4.2 Description of support functions and geographical structure

An Executive Vice President, who is a member of the Executive Committee, is responsible for overseeing the geographic areas as a whole and the Group's transformation.

The support functions contribute to the Group's performance by supporting the performance of the GBU and the operating entities. They are managed by the Group HQ’s corporate functional departments and are structured regionally and nationally.

In addition to managing the various countries, the Transformation & Geographies Department is also responsible for:

• supervising and managing the Group's transformation projects;

• supervising and supporting the Group's industrial projects;

The Group's functional departments are responsible, within their respective areas, for drawing up and rolling out Group policies and overseeing ˱nancial and non-˱nancial performance. They are organized into ˱ve units:

• Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs, and Communications, Safety;

• Finance, Environment, Social and Governance (ESG), and Procurement;

• Data, Digital & IT, Strategy, and Research & Innovation;

• Human Resources;

• Transformation & Geographies.

• all activities relating to the health and safety of individuals (employees, temporary workers and subcontractors) and ensuring that industrial assets are safe to use, based on targets set by the Group in this area (No Life at Risk – No Mind at Risk – No Asset at Risk, see Section 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers, Section 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy) and Section 3.2.1.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority human rights risks).

Stronger and structured coordination of the division at Group level ensures that the processes deliver good operational ef ˱ciency and that Group policies are properly implemented.

The Group’s engineering and consulting company, Tractebel, also reports to the Transformation & Geographies Department (Section 1.3.6).

Each of these areas is overseen by an Executive Vice President, who is a member of the Executive Committee (see Section 4.1.3 Executive Management).

Geographically, the support functions are organized by country and coordinated at regional level. These functions are responsible for supporting the GBU in each country, under the coordination of the country manager and regional coordinators.

In addition, ENGIE operates its own business. The number of consolidated entities will be around 2,400 by the end of 2025. In addition to the lists provided in Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 2, Main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025 and Section 6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements – Note 5.4 Subsidiaries and af˱liates, a list of subsidiaries can be found on the Group's website (https://www.engie.com/en/˱nance-area, regulated information section).

At country level, the country managers manage relationships with local stakeholders.

The Research & Innovation unit is described in Section 1.4.

[Page 17] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3 DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP'S ACTIVITIES AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

1.3.1 Renewables & Flex Power GBU

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

KEY FIGURES

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change

Revenues (in millions of euros) 5,560 6,011 -7.5%

EBIT (1) (in millions of euros) 2,485 2,391 +3.9%

Renewable installed capacity and batteries (GW) 57.2 46.1 +24.1%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Thermal electricity production installed capacity (GW) 45.5 54.7 -16.7%

1.3.1.1 Purpose, organization and strategy

Purpose

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• two entities in charge of thermal power production :

• Europe,

• International;

ENGIE is pursuing its energy transition strategy by developing a balanced portfolio of complementary assets featuring all the necessary technologies for this transition, making it possible to produce electricity while minimizing CO 2 emissions and to provide power systems with the ˳exibility they need.

• ˱ve operational support units:

• Revenue and Strategy,

• Business Development,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Industrial Projects, Procurement and ESG,

• Engineering and Operations – Renewables and Batteries,

• Engineering and Operations - Flexible Thermal Generation;

To respond effectively to these challenges, ENGIE has grouped together its renewable energy production (1) and electricity storage activities within the Renewables & Flex Power GBU. This entity is responsible for developing, building, ˱nancing, operating, optimizing and maintaining renewable electricity production assets, storage systems and ˳exible thermal assets, in line with ENGIE’s commitment to accelerating the transition to a carbon-neutral economy.

• three support functions :

• legal and ethics,

To this end, the GBU focuses its industrial, ˱nancial and energy management expertise on seven main technologies:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ˱nance,

• hydropower;

• human resources and communications.

• solar power;

• onshore wind;

ENGIE's offshore wind activities are exclusively managed by Ocean Winds, a joint venture with EDP Renováveis.

• offshore wind;

Strategy

• battery storage;

• desalination;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The GBU is pursuing a growth strategy focused on industrial performance and structured around ˱ve key pillars:

• ˳exible thermal assets.

The GBU aims to produce more green, smart electrons, with a target of 95 GW of installed renewable and storage capacity by 2030, up from 57 GW at the end of 2025. It has a portfolio of projects representing 121 GW, more than half of which are under construction or at an advanced stage of development. The Group signed 4.8 GW worth of PPAs worldwide in 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Organization

The Renewables & Flex Power GBU is organized into:

• Maintaining leadership in renewable energies and batteries : ENGIE aims to solidify its leading position in renewable energies and battery storage solutions. To this end, ENGIE will continue to develop its activities in France, Brazil, Chile, the United States and offshore wind, while taking advantage of the geographic versatility of its portfolio to increase the contribution from other regions, notably within the AMEA region where ENGIE has a solid operational presence, particularly in India and South Africa. The United States’ contribution to growth remains signi ˱cant, but is down on previous projections;

• four operating regions in charge of renewable production and ˳exibility technologies:

• Europe,

• North America,

• South America,

• Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA);

• Optimizing the ˳exible, low-emission thermal ˳eet : in order to provide the necessary ˳exibility to its portfolio and to power systems, ENGIE operates, develops and optimizes a ˳exible, low-carbon thermal generation ˳eet. This ˳eet complements ENGIE’s renewable energy and storage installations, making it possible to provide speci˱c ˳exibility solutions and thus enhance the resilience of ENGIE’s businesses and that of power systems;

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 18] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

operations and maintenance. This strategy accelerates the development and sharing of knowledge, tools and data, and promotes internal synergies in engineering, procurement, and O&M;

• Focusing on a develop-to-own model : ENGIE favors a majority-ownership model for balance sheet assets, whereby it plays a full industrial role, particularly in geographical areas where the Group has a strong presence. This model allows ENGIE to leverage its full range of industrial expertise, control risks, optimize growth and thus maximize value creation;

• Standing out through an integrated industrial model : ENGIE integrates all areas of expertise throughout the value chain, from project design and development to access to electricity markets. The Group draws on its technical and commercial expertise, and proactive management of market risks in partnership with the Supply & Energy Management GBU, to comprehensively manage the economic, operational and environmental aspects of its projects.

• Boosting performance and competitiveness through an industrial platform : to ensure that it has all the skills it needs across the entire value chain to maximize its industrial performance and competitiveness, ENGIE is deploying a global industrial platform to pool and optimize expertise across the value chain, for example in engineering, procurement,

1.3.1.2 Activities in Europe

1.3.1.2.1 France

an authorization system (except for CNR) and for EDF to place hydroelectric capacities on the market, via a competitive bidding process for new market products. A bill is due to be examined in the ˱rst quarter of 2026 to implement this agreement within the French legislative framework.

In France, ENGIE is the number one generator of onshore wind and solar power, and also holds the number two position in the ˱eld of hydropower generation. The goal is to continue strengthening its positions in onshore and offshore wind, solar power and batteries. It mainly positions itself on public tenders and contributes to the development of corporate PPA tenders.

In 2025, ENGIE commissioned almost 0.22 GW of new solar and onshore wind capacity in France.

The existing French capacity remuneration mechanism is currently being reviewed in France at the initiative of the French authorities. The new capacity remuneration mechanism will have to comply with recent European regulations, and capacity will be allocated centrally. A ˱rst new capacity auction is already planned for 2026.

The scope of activities in France comprises three subsidiaries owned by ENGIE, either solely or in partnership:

1.3.1.2.2 Rest of Europe

• ENGIE Green (100% owned by ENGIE), the leading French wind and solar power producer, based in Paris with around 650 employees and more than 4.2 GW installed capacity (2.7 GW onshore wind and 1.5 GW solar power);

In addition to its leadership position in France, the Group continues to accelerate its business in the rest of Europe by developing a strong portfolio of projects, with different maturities and in targeted geographic areas.

• SHEM (Société Hydro-Électrique du Midi, 100% owned by ENGIE), based close to Toulouse, generates high-head hydropower (0.8 GW installed) in the south-west of France;

• CNR (Compagnie Nationale du Rhône, of which ENGIE is the principal shareholder with a 49.97% stake), based in Lyon, with 3.1 GW hydropower installed capacity along the Rhône river and its subsidiary CN'Air with 1 GW onshore wind and solar installed capacity at the end of 2025.

In Europe (excluding France) at end-2025, the Group operated over 5 GW of hydropower, mainly in the United Kingdom (2 GW of pumped storage stations), Portugal (1.7 GW) and Belgium (1.1 GW pumped storage station), 3.6 GW of onshore wind power (mainly in Belgium , Spain and Italy ), 0.7 GW of solar power (mainly in Spain and Italy ) and 0.3 GW of battery storage. In 2025, ENGIE added nearly 0.6 GW of renewable and battery capacities in Europe (excluding Ocean Winds), mainly in France, Belgium , Spain and Romania .

In France, ENGIE also manages a portfolio of thermal gas generation assets with installed capacity of 2.1 GW, with units in Dunkirk, Montoir-de-Bretagne and Fos-sur-Mer.

Regulatory changes

In the ˱eld of hydropower generation, ENGIE, in partnership with Crédit Agricole Assurances and Mirova, has a solid position in Portugal with a 1.7 GW hydropower portfolio in the north-east of the country. The Group also has a strong presence in turbine-pumped storage facilities, notably in the United Kingdom with First Hydro, which operates two stations with a total capacity of over 2 GW, and in Belgium with the Coo station, with 1.1 GW of capacity. Lastly, ENGIE is present in Germany , where it operates the Pfreimd hydropower plant (0.1 GW), and in Spain with a portfolio of small hydropower plants (totaling 0.06 GW).

The Group's onshore wind power capacities are mainly located in Spain (1.5 GW), Belgium (0.7 GW), Portugal (0.3 GW), Italy (0.4 GW), Germany (0.4 GW), Poland (0.2 GW), Romania (0.2 GW) and the United Kingdom (0.2 GW).

The new French Multi-Annual Energy Plan (PPE) was published on February 12, 2026, after several delays. It incorporates the latest ˱ndings of RTE's 2025-2035 Forecast Report, which updates renewable and nuclear generation targets for 2035. This forecast highlights the surplus of electricity, linked to electri˱cation of users progressing more slowly than anticipated in 2023, as well as an increased need for ˳exibility to ensure system stability. The publication of the PPE3 thus puts an end to regulatory uncertainty and clari˱es the national trajectories for 2025-2035, giving ENGIE the visibility it needs to plan its investments.

Outside France, the Group also has 0.7 GW of solar power assets in Europe, mainly in Spain (0.2 GW), Italy (0.1 GW) and Romania (0.1 GW).

The reform of the legal framework for hydropower concessions was the subject of an agreement between the French government and the European Commission in mid-2025. This agreement provides for a shift from the concessions model to

[Page 19] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

With regard to thermal power production, ENGIE has developed and is currently deploying an ambitious program to improve its ˳eet’s technical performance, aimed at equipping turbines with the best available technologies (where economically viable), to ensure maximum ef˱ciency, enable ˳exible operation (in line with market requirements and in complementarity with renewable activities), and reduce CO₂ emissions per MWh produced.

Finally, in several European countries where ENGIE is present - notably Italy, Belgium, Germany and Poland, as well as in certain markets under development such as Spain and the Netherlands - the authorities have introduced or are preparing to deploy capacity remuneration mechanisms. The aim of these systems is to ensure that supply and demand are matched, and to guarantee security of supply. They structure the investment signals for ˳exible assets such as battery storage, pump-turbine facilities, hydropower, ˳exible thermal resources and, where appropriate, demand response, thereby in˳uencing the valuation of ENGIE's portfolios in these countries.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.1.2.3 Offshore wind activities through Ocean Winds (OW)

In Belgium , ENGIE completed the construction of a new combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power plant in Flémalle. This latest generation power plant, with a capacity of 875 MW, bene ˱ts from the capacity remuneration mechanism introduced in Belgium to ensure security of supply following the decrease in the country's nuclear capacity. It should also be noted that the majority of ENGIE’s existing gas-˱red power plants in Belgium have been contracted under the Belgian capacity remuneration mechanism for the coming years.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In the rest of Europe (excluding France), ENGIE manages a portfolio of thermal generation assets with installed capacity of 13.7 GW in ˱ve countries ( Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, Portugal and Spain ). This includes the Group's power plants and the decentralized assets of industrial customers.

Ocean Winds (OW) is a joint venture created in 2019 by EDP Renováveis and ENGIE, combining ˱xed and ˳oating wind assets and projects, mainly in Europe. At the end of 2025, the joint venture operated an installed capacity of 2.8 GW (1.8 GW in the United Kingdom, 0.5 GW in Belgium, 0.4 GW in France and 0.03 GW in Portugal). Construction was under way on two offshore wind projects in 2025, including 0.6 GW in France and 0.4 GW in Poland.

Regulatory changes

Ocean Winds' offshore developments have been affected by the tightening of the U.S. regulatory environment, with the federal suspension of several projects under construction, that are subject to permit re-evaluation.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The thermal production market in Europe is accelerating its transition to less carbon-intensive energy generation. Following the enactment of the European Green Deal, the European Commission has proposed targets to accelerate the reduction of CO 2 emissions between now and 2030. Various European countries have started to phase out electricity production from coal, and some have committed to fully decarbonized power generation by 2035.

In light of these changes, ENGIE has factored in a four-year delay for its offshore wind projects, and has scaled back its growth ambitions for onshore renewable capacities, in order to adapt its development strategy to the stricter regulatory environment. Under these circumstances, projects are subject to signi˱cant delays and higher costs.

Today, natural gas power plants play a key role in ensuring security of supply and offering the long-term ˳exibility needed for power systems, as a complement to wind and solar installations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This vital role underlines the importance of remuneration mechanisms for electricity producers, and calls for accelerating the study and development of decarbonization solutions for this type of ˳exibility (such as green fuels or carbon capture), to enable them to reconcile security of supply with decarbonization.

However, as they are located close to major U.S. consumption centers, the projects will bene˱t from the expected growth in overall energy demand in the United States, and particularly from the increase in demand for green energy. The power purchase agreements for these projects should therefore make them pro˱table, before the ˱nal investment decision is made. Ocean Winds is continuing its dialogue with the authorities and stakeholders to secure the operating environment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.1.3 Activities in North America

Regulatory changes

North America is a priority market for ENGIE’s growth in renewable energy, with a large proportion of assets contracted to Commercial and Industrial (C&I) customers through corporate PPAs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, the political and regulatory framework for renewable energy activities underwent signi ˱cant change. For example, the "One Big Beautiful Bill Act", signed into law on July 4, 2025, provides for the elimination of the main support mechanisms for renewable energies and the withdrawal of several key provisions of the In˳ation Reduction Act, adopted under the previous administration. This implies a reduction in federal funding and the introduction of new constraints such as stricter rules relating to Foreign Entities of Concern (FEOC). The gradual end of the ITC (Investment Tax Credit/PTC - Production Tax Credit) regime and the introduction of measures aimed at relocating part of the industrial value chain to the United States also make the environment less favorable.

At end-2025, ENGIE managed a portfolio of 11.7 GW of renewable production and battery assets in North America. This portfolio consists of 4.2 GW of onshore wind (3.5 GW in the United States and 0.7 GW in Canada), 3.7 GW of solar in the United States and 3.8 GW of battery storage in the United States. The vast majority of this operational portfolio is located in ˱ve areas: ERCOT (Electric Reliability Council of Texas), SPP (Southwest Power Pool), PJM (Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland) and MISO (Midcontinent Independent System Operator) in the United States and in Ontario (Canada). In 2025, ENGIE commissioned more than 2 GW (1.6 GW of batteries, 0.5 GW of solar and 0.3 GW of onshore wind).

ENGIE owns and operates the West Windsor 126 MW combined cycle natural gas power plant in Ontario, Canada . In addition, ENGIE holds a 35% stake in EcoElectrica, a 534 MW natural gas combined cycle power plant in Puerto Rico .

[Page 20] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.1.4 Activities in South America

Two of ENGIE’s ˱ve key markets are located in South America, where the Group has strong positions with 12.7 GW of hydropower (mainly in Brazil), 3.7 GW of onshore wind, 3 GW of solar power and 0.4 GW of battery storage.

ENGIE also has thermal activities in Chile and Peru . In Chile , ENGIE has a large thermal network in the north representing a total of 1.3 GW. The Group operates a diversi ˱ed portfolio of combined cycle or open cycle natural gas power plants, coal units that will be phased out (˱nalization in 2027) or converted to natural gas, and gas turbines and diesel engines.

In South America, ENGIE operates and develops its power generation activities mainly through long-term PPAs (power purchase agreements) entered into with electricity distributors, and through bilateral contracts signed directly with commercial and industrial customers. This model offers robust economic visibility and supports the competitive development of the Renewable and Flex Power GBU’s portfolio in the region.

As part of this effort, the Group is concentrating on converting the IEM unit at Mejillones to natural gas, while some of the infrastructure at the Tocopilla site will be reused to house a synchronous condenser, thereby contributing to the security of supply in Chile.

In Peru , ENGIE operates 2 GW in power plants, with natural gas- ˱red combined cycle power plants in Chilca, as well as diesel power plants in Ilo.

In Mexico, ENGIE operates gas- ˱red cogeneration (1) plants with a combined capacity of nearly 300 MW.

Regulatory changes

In Brazil , ENGIE operates 12.4 GW of hydropower, 2.5 GW of onshore wind and 1.6 GW of solar power. In 2025, ENGIE commissioned the Assú Sol solar farm and the Serra do Assuruá wind farm in Brazil, the largest in its global portfolio. They each have a capacity of 0.8 GW. These projects illustrate the Group's ability to develop large-scale infrastructure while supporting local employment and social initiatives for the bene ˱t of surrounding communities.

ENGIE Brasil Participações Ltda (EBP, 100% ENGIE subsidiary), holds 68.71% of the share capital of ENGIE Brasil Energia (EBE), which is responsible for the centralized electricity production and transportation business. EBP has a 40% interest in Energia Sustentavel do Brasil Participações S.A., which owns the Jirau hydropower power plant (3.7 GW).

In Chile , through its 60%-owned subsidiary ENGIE Energia Chile (EECL), ENGIE has 1.5 GW of renewable capacity, including 0.5 GW of solar power, 0.7 GW of onshore wind power and 0.4 GW of battery storage, and 0.05 GW of hydropower.

In 2025, Brazil's regulatory framework changed signi ˱cantly with the reform of the electricity market (Preliminary Law no. 1.300, published in May 2025), which will accelerate the opening up of the free market and rede˱ne support mechanisms. This reform provides for a gradual end to reductions in transmission and distribution tariffs for renewable energies, now limited to contracts registered before December 31, 2025. It also provides for changes to the management and compensation systems for production limits (curtailment). For ENGIE, these changes modify the economic conditions applicable to future projects and require an adjustment of development strategies to take account of the new pricing and operating framework.

In Mexico , the Group operates 1 GW (0.8 GW from solar power and 0.2 GW from onshore wind).

In Peru , ENGIE, through ENGIE Energia Peru (61.77%-owned by ENGIE), operates 0.3 GW of hydropower capacity, 0.3 GW of onshore wind, 0.1 GW of solar capacity and 0.03 GW of battery storage. The Punta Lomitas wind farm is the largest in the country and has taken over the Power Purchase Agreement from the Ilo21 coal- ˱red power plant that ceased to operate.

1.3.1.5 Activities in Asia, Middle East and Africa

ENGIE operates 3.9 GW of capacity in the region, including 1.7 GW from solar power, 2 GW from onshore wind power, and 0.2 GW of battery storage.

In India , ENGIE holds an installed capacity portfolio of around 1.3 GW in renewable energy, including 1 GW solar and 0.3 GW onshore wind. In Malaysia , ENGIE has 0.1 GW of solar power. In Australia , ENGIE holds a portfolio of 0.1 GW of solar, 0.2 GW of onshore wind and 0.2 GW of battery storage. The Group also operates several gas power plants with a total capacity of 723 MW. These plants contribute ˳exibility to the Australian system and enables ENGIE to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities on the markets.

Following the strategic realignment and the sale of assets in Bahrain and Kuwait, at the end of 2025 ENGIE operated a total of 23.7GW of thermal power production capacity in Saudi Arabia (7.5 GW), the United Arab Emirates (9.7 GW), Oman (2.7 GW), and Qatar (3.8 GW). Desalination plants in operation or under construction in these four countries represent a production capacity of nearly 5.4 million m 3 of water per day. The business portfolio and relationships with local stakeholders enable the Group to extend long-term agreements and strengthen their contribution to the Group’s results. For example, operation of the Shuweihat (1.2 GW) and Umm Al Nar (1.5 GW) power plants in the United Arab Emirates will be extended from 2027 for 2 and 15 years, respectively.

Finally, in Africa, ENGIE operates assets in Egypt (0.9 GW onshore wind), Morocco (0.4 GW onshore wind), and South Africa (0.6 GW solar, 0.25 GW onshore wind). In South Africa, ENGIE also holds a minority stake in two open-cycle diesel “peak” power plants, representing a total capacity of 1 GW. In addition, a desalination plant is currently under construction in Morocco , with a planned capacity of 100,000 m³ of water per day.

ENGIE has held a strong position in the Gulf Cooperation Council countries for many years. Sustained growth in this region has created opportunities for ENGIE to develop its activities in line with its energy transition strategy as a developer, owner and operator of renewable power production and ˳exibility assets. In 2025, ENGIE was selected to develop, build and operate the 1.5 GW Khazna solar park. ENGIE is also active in water desalination through long-term public purchasing contracts.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 21] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.2 Networks GBU

KEY FIGURES

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Revenues (in millions of euros) 7,992 7,236 +10.5%

EBIT (in millions of euros) 3,054 2,430 +25.7%

Length of gas distribution networks (in km) 261,984 260,430 +0.6%

Length of gas transmission networks (in km) 39,775 39,692 +3.4%

Length of electricity transmission networks (in km) 5,892 5,444 +8.2%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.2.1 Purpose and Strategy

The Networks GBU is responsible for developing, operating and maintaining gas networks (distribution and transport networks, storage and LNG terminals) and electricity networks. It is also responsible for renewable gas production (biomethane, hydrogen).

The business model for ENGIE’s gas infrastructure and electricity networks is, with one exception (TAG network, see Section 1.3.2.3), mainly regulated. The regulations that will apply to hydrogen infrastructure developments carried out by the relevant ENGIE subsidiaries are currently being de ˱ned.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE is the leading gas network operator in Europe, and has 8,000 km of power lines in operation, under construction or under development in South America. ENGIE is also the second-largest producer of biomethane in France.

Electricity and gas networks are key to the energy transition:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• gas, which is gradually being greened through the development of renewable gases (biomethane, hydrogen, emethane), is an essential vector in the energy transition;

Activity relating to biomethane remains local and fragmented with a large number of players (local developers, companies specialized in biomethane production, oil and gas companies, utilities). Leaders have emerged among these and have built their development locally, such as Archaea Energy in the United States, JMalucelli in Brazil and SGN in the United Kingdom. Acquisition operations have allowed international players in the oil and gas industry and utilities to build up a portfolio of European as well as global assets and projects.

• electricity grids are an integral part of the development of renewable energies, which need to be connected, transported and distributed.

The strategy implemented by the Networks GBU can be summed up in four points:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ensure the operational performance of the Group's gas and electricity networks;

The Group plans to maintain the current level of investment in the green gases division. This approach is largely supported by a rapidly developing regulatory framework supporting the sharp rise in the use of hydrogen and biomethane in the European Union. The gas package adopted in April 2024 sets a European biomethane production target (35 bcm by 2030), and de˱nes low-carbon gases (1) , a regulatory framework for hydrogen infrastructure regulation and infrastructure planning obligations, the implementation of which is entrusted to Member States and operators.

• adapt ENGIE's gas networks to renewable gases (biomethane, hydrogen, e-methane);

• accelerate the production of renewable gases (biomethane, hydrogen, e-methane) in France and in some target countries abroad;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• accelerate the development of electricity grids internationally.

Market and competitive environment

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

While the longer-term role of gas (biomethane from different technological procedures, green and blue hydrogen, fossil methane coupled with CO 2 capture and sequestration) in the decarbonization of the French economy remains uncertain, different for each type of consumer and still under discussion within the framework of the National Low-Carbon Strategy ( Stratégie Nationale Bas Carbone – SNBC), replacing gas entirely by electricity is unfeasible both for technical reasons (gas is indispensable for certain industrial processes, and heat pumps cannot be installed in all types of buildings) and economic reasons (excess investments needed in the electricity system if it were unable to provide the ˳exibility provided by the gas system).

In most of the countries in which the Group operates, an independent national regulator establishes a network remuneration system with formulas whose parameters are generally reviewed every four years. There is very little, if any, competition between the various players due to the nature of transmission and distribution assets, and the regulated nature of their markets. In Europe, which is ENGIE's main market, the main network grid managers are EDF, National Grid, Enel and E.ON, with exposure mostly to electricity networks.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 22] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.2.2 Activities in France

Distribution structures belong to the municipalities even when they are built and ˱nanced by GRDF. As the concession operator, GRDF has exclusive use of these structures. The French Energy Code ( Code de l'Énergie ) recognizes the entitlement of the historical concession operators, i.e., GRDF and 25 local distribution companies, to exclusive service areas. As holders of a “distribution monopoly”, they are the sole operators with which the conceding municipalities may renew the concession.

Apart from the exclusive service areas of GRDF and the local distribution companies, all city authorities not supplied with gas may entrust their public gas distribution to the authorized operator of their choice, following a competitive bidding process.

France's political strategy concerning the energy transition aims to contribute to the carbon neutrality objective (1) by 2050. The priorities of France's climate and energy policy are being updated to re ˳ect the future French Energy-Climate Strategy ( Stratégie Française sur l'Énergie et le Climat – SFEC). The main ˱ndings of the French Energy Regulatory Commission ( Commission de Régulation de l'Energie – CRE) report (1) of April 2023 on the future of gas infrastructure, the conclusions of the public consultation on “decarbonizing the building industry” organized in summer 2023 (highlighting the dif ˱culties associated with a possible ban on the installation of new gas boilers in existing homes), and the public consultation organized in November-December 2024 on the draft 2025-2035 Multi-Annual Energy Plan 3 (PPE3), adopted in February 2026, all demonstrate the importance of gas in a balanced energy mix, which the Group champions.

Regulatory changes

1.3.2.2.1 GRDF

In France, GRDF, an independent subsidiary of ENGIE, develops, operates and maintains distribution networks (201,000 km of networks) and delivers gas for consumers. GRDF is tasked with giving all gas suppliers and biomethane producers equal access to its network. Its new business plan, based on decarbonization, positions the company on a pathway compatible with the Paris Agreement. Its activities are being decarbonized across the three scopes through the transformation of its business lines, a world ˱rst for a gas distribution company. The business plan aims to increase the injection of renewable and low-carbon gases into the networks ˱ve-fold by 2030 and to halve the company's greenhouse gas emissions (1) . It includes support for its stakeholders through their own decarbonization process.

Apart from this speci ˱c case of public service delegations recently awarded after a competitive bidding process, GRDF's activity is remunerated by a tariff set by the French Energy Regulatory Commission (CRE). In July 2024, the CRE approved the ATRD7 tariff, which led to a 27.5% increase compared to the ATRD6 level. This 20-point increase mainly re˳ects the impact of compensation for foregone revenue during the ATRD6 period (due to factors such as Covid, the 2021-2023 energy crisis and high in˳ation), and a faster decline in consumption than forecast when ATRD6 was drawn up. In addition, once a year, within each ATRD tariff period (1) (lasting four years), the CRE decides on any tariff changes to accurately align with the current economic climate and actual consumption. ATRD7 was thus raised by 6.06% on July 1, 2025, re ˳ecting the impact of in˳ation (1.15%), a structural annual growth rate (1.91%), and compensation for tariff revenues generated in 2024 that were lower than forecast.

The tariff enables GRDF to ful˱ll its essential missions in serving local authorities and its residential and industrial customers, the most important of which remains network safety. Over the ATRD7 period, GRDF has the resources it needs to implement its major projects, such as the shift to greener gas and the gas changeover project to convert from B gas to H gas in northern France.

In addition to the major drive to integrate biomethane in the networks, GRDF continues to roll out its Research & Development program to prepare for the inclusion of new renewable gases, with the aim of fully assuming its role in supporting decarbonization and maintaining a balanced, diversi˱ed energy mix.

For the period 2024-2027, CRE has set a compensation rate for GRDF's regulated asset base (RAB) of 4.0% – actual rate before tax – for assets commissioned before 2024, and 5.3% – nominal rate before tax – for investments made from 2024 onwards.

Once a year, the CRE decides on any tariff changes to accurately align with the current economic climate and actual consumption. ATRD7 was thus raised by 6.06% on July 1, 2025, re˳ecting the impact of in˳ation (1.15%), a structural annual growth rate (1.91%) set by the CRE deliberation of February 15, 2024, and compensation for tariff revenues generated in 2024 that were lower than forecast.

The distribution activity has speci ˱c features related to its classi˱cation as a local utility. Each municipality where gas supply is available grants a concession to an authorized distributor to operate the gas distribution utility in its territory. Concessions are entered into or renewed based on a standard agreement established jointly by the French national federation of concession-granting and state-controlled municipalities ( Fédération nationale des collectivités concédantes et régies – FNCCR), the Urban Landowners' Association ( Association foncière urbaine – AFU) and GRDF. The concessiongranting bodies then carry out controls to ensure that the requirements arising from these concession agreements are properly ful ˱lled. In 2022, a new standard concession agreement was adopted by the FNCCR, France Urbaine (the French association for metropolises, urban communities and large cities) and GRDF. This agreement re ˳ects several major changes: in addition to challenges relating to the network's safety and modernization, it focuses on an improved response to territorial challenges to support the local energy transition; clear management and control of investment decisions (investment blueprints and multi-annual investment programs); and the implementation of service quality metrics, with penalties for GRDF in the event of failure to meet commitments. In 2025, around 150 new agreements had been signed with large cities, metropolises and energy syndicates based on this new standard. These long-term agreements – up to 30 years – demonstrate the value recognized by the authorities of the gas network in the energy transition over the long term.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 23] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.2.2.2 NaTran (1)

NaTran is an independent ENGIE subsidiary owned by ENGIE, SIG (Société d’Infrastructures Gazières) and SIG's employees, which have respective stakes in its capital of 60.8%, 38.6% and 0.6%.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Activities

NaTran is contributing to the growth of hydrogen as an energy carrier by developing hydrogen transport network projects within the fastest growing hydrogen production and consumption basins, including in Moselle-Sarre, Alsace and Fos-sur-Mer. NaTran is also involved in a project to link the Iberian Peninsula to Germany, in particular via its Hy-FEN project between Fos-sur-Mer and Germany, and via an offshore pipeline project linking Barcelona and Fos-sur-Mer undertaken with other partners.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NaTran is involved in the emergence of carbon capture, use and sequestration for the pipeline logistics part. NaTran is involved in two CO 2 transport projects in France in Dunkirk (onshore pipeline and offshore facility leading to Norway) and Saint-Nazaire and its hinterland.

In addition, the production of biomethane has continued to increase, reaching an injection capacity of 15.5 TWh per year in mid-January 2026 for the networks in France, compared to 14.5 TWh at the end of December 2025.

NaTran operates across most of France, developing, operating and maintaining a gas transmission network comprising more than 32,000 km of buried pipeline and 26 compression stations. The network transmits gas between suppliers, biomethane producers and consumers (distributors or industrial companies directly connected to the transport network). GRTgaz operates its network in a secure and optimized way and provides transport services to network users. It has a public service mandate to guarantee the continuous supply of gas to consumers and facilitate better integration of the European gas markets.

Gas consumption and ˳ows

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NaTran, and its Elengy subsidiaries, which operate LNG terminals in France, and NaTran Deutschland, which operates the MEGAL transport network in Germany, play a key role on the European gas networks stage.

Regulatory changes

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, compared with 2024, gas consumption was down in the industrial sector (excluding centralized electricity production) and buildings (after adjusting for climate effects). Gas consumption for power generation was up, representing a slight rebound on the previous year, where consumption was low due to lower electricity prices (re ˳ecting the relative abundance of nuclear and renewable electricity generation, especially hydroelectric, and low electricity demand in the ˱rst half of 2024). As NaTran's revenues mainly consist of transport capacity sales (2) , the impact of short-term changes in volumes actually consumed in France is minimal.

The methodology and tariffs for the use of transmission networks in France known as “ATRT 8”, applicable for 2024-2027, were set by the CRE on January 30, 2024. This decision also sets the compensation rate for assets integrated into the RAB (2) before December 31, 2023 at 4.1% (actual rate before tax). New assets (integrated into the RAB after that date) will be compensated at the nominal rate of 5.4% before tax, with the term of the regulatory reduction falling from 50 years to 30 years for new pipelines. As a reminder, the compensation rate for NaTran's regulated assets was 4.25% for 2020-2023 (ATRT 7).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, as in 2024 and 2023, the gas transmission activity remained marked by the almost total suspension of Russian gas imports into Europe by pipeline in 2022, which has since led to a major increase in LNG imports to compensate. Flows which previously came from countries to the east of France decreased markedly, or even reversed, with France at times becoming a delivery point for gas heading to the east, notably to Belgium and Germany.

Within this framework, and based on the methodology and in ˳ation assumptions adopted, the CRE deliberation of January 29, 2025 lowered NaTran’s tariffs for use of the natural gas transmission networks, with effect from April 1, 2025, by 0.67% for the main network (2) and 0.55% for the regional network (2) .

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This change was made possible by NaTran's network, which has been signi ˱cantly enhanced over the past 10 years, and by the streamlining of its use. GRTgaz authorized an increase in the injection of gas from LNG terminals into the network and outbound exports to Germany through the Obergailbach interface point. NaTran has also maintained the Ecogaz system, launched in 2022, to encourage customers to reduce their gas consumption during peak periods if they are able to. All these factors ensured the security of gas supply in France during winter 2024-2025.

1.3.2.2.3 Elengy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On June 13, 2024, the European Commission published Directive (EU) 2024/1788 on common rules for the internal markets for renewable gas, natural gas and hydrogen. To support this directive, Regulation (EU) 2024/1789 of June 13, 2024 was published on the internal markets for renewable gas, natural gas and hydrogen. In particular, these documents de ˱ne a framework for regulating access to hydrogen infrastructure, similar to that for natural gas. These provisions will have to be transposed into French law. As a result of this legislation, NaTran intends to position itself as a hydrogen transport network operator.

Green gas projects launched or completed during 2025

NaTran, a player in the energy transition, invests in innovative solutions that favor the development, injection into the networks and use of renewable, low-carbon gas (biomethane and hydrogen), and thus contributes to the achievement of carbon neutrality.

With over 60 years of experience, Elengy is recognized as a major player in the European LNG market. A subsidiary of NaTran since 2017, Elengy owns and operates three LNG terminals in France, located in Montoir-de-Bretagne and Fos‑sur-Mer. These port facilities are designed for receiving lique ˱ed natural gas (LNG), storing it and regasifying it for injection into the transmission network. They had a total regasi˱cation capacity of 21.5 billion m 3 (Gm 3 ) of gas per annum as of December 31, 2025.

(1) Formerly GRTgaz until February 2025. (2) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 24] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

Elengy’s strategy is structured around three main areas:

• the decarbonization of its assets and activities, by transforming terminals into multi-service hubs for long-term decarbonization;

• the decarbonization of heavy mobility (land and sea);

The 19 th set of sanctions against Russia adopted on October 23, 2025 by the European Union bans short-term contracts for Russian LNG from April 25, 2026, and long-term LNG contracts from January 1, 2027. As the legislation currently stands, these measures will have a very limited impact on Elengy.

The micro-LNG and LNG tanker transshipment and loading services are not regulated.

• the decarbonization of industrial plants, notably through Carbon Capture Use and Storage (CCUE) projects (“GO-CO 2 ” to decarbonize industrial sites in western France and “Rhône CO 2 ” in the Rhône Valley), as well as the Medhyterra project to redevelop part of the Fos Tonkin LNG terminal (1)

1.3.2.2.4 Storengy

into a low-carbon ammonia import terminal.

Installations

With Storengy, the Group is the leader in natural gas underground storage (1) in Europe, with net storage capacity of 12.2 billion m 3 .

Gas storage and conversion to renewable gas

In France , Storengy operates 14 underground storage installations: nine of these are in aquifers (total useful storage volume of 9 billion m 3 ), four are in salt caverns (1 billion m 3 ) and one is in a depleted ˱eld. Two of these sites are in reduced operation according to precise regulatory procedures.

The Montoir-de-Bretagne terminal , commissioned in 1980, is located on the Atlantic coast and receives LNG from various sources. It has a regasi ˱cation capacity of 10 Gm 3 of gas per annum and three tanks with a total capacity of 360,000 m 3 of LNG. The two docks can accommodate tankers transporting up to 267,000 m 3 of LNG, including Q-max tankers (1) . The Montoir terminal has three tanker truck loading bays with an annual capacity of 8,000 loading slots.

After 10 years of reduced operation at the Trois-Fontaine l’Abbaye depleted ˱eld, Storengy has been operating the existing facilities since January 2023 to withdraw some of the gas still present in the reservoir. Revenues from the sale of this gas will contribute to the dismantling or reconversion of the site at the end of its operating period, in around 10 years' time. This activity is part of the overall project to fully rehabilitate the site in consultation with local partners (administration, public bodies, communities, non-pro˱t organizations and residents).

The Fos Cavaou terminal was commissioned in 2010. Its current regasi ˱cation capacity is 10 G m 3 of gas per annum. It has one dock that can accommodate Q-max tankers and three tanks with a total capacity of 330,000 m 3 of LNG. The terminal is also used for reloading LNG tankers and loading trucks for small-scale LNG. Since 2022, Elengy has been developing an LNG loading service for bunker ships enabling cruise ships and container ships to be directly supplied with fuel (some 40 operations were carried out last year). The Fos Cavaou terminal has four tank truck loading bays with an annual capacity of 22,000 loading slots.

In Germany , Storengy Deutschland operates six storage facilities (1.7 billion m 3 ; three salt sites and three depleted sites) and operates a seventh storage facility for a third party.

In the United Kingdom , Storengy UK Ltd operates the storage site in saline caverns in Stublach (400 million m 3 ). With its 20 cavities, this storage facility is currently the largest onshore storage facility in the United Kingdom.

Commissioned in 1972, the Fos Tonkin terminal is located on the Mediterranean coast and receives LNG primarily from Algeria. Its dock can accommodate vessels carrying up to 75,000 m 3 of LNG while its tank has a total capacity of 80,000 m 3 . Its commercial capacity is 1.5 G m 3 . The Fos Tonkin terminal has two tank truck loading bays. LNG reception at the Fos Tonkin terminal will cease at the end of 2028.

In addition to LNG regasi ˱cation, Elengy offers a wide range of complementary services through its facilities:

• LNG carrier reloading;

• transshipment between ships;

• LNG tank truck loading;

• bunker ship loading (for direct supply to cruise ships and container ships).

In Europe , Storengy is preparing to convert storage assets to renewable gas (biomethane, synthetic methane, hydrogen) in order to contribute to decarbonization solutions. In this respect, Storengy ˱nalized the HyPSTER pilot project at Etrez in June 2025, and is developing the GeoH2 project at the Manosque site (conversion of two existing salt caverns for large-scale hydrogen storage). The HyPSTER project is a green hydrogen salt cavern storage demonstrator designed to prove the technical feasibility of gas storage and its ability to provide hydrogen and electricity systems with hourly and seasonal ˳exibility. Other projects are being studied:

Since the end of 2024, Elengy’s Fos Cavaou and Montoir terminals have been certi ˱ed via voluntary schemes recognized under the Renewable Energy Directive (RED) to issue bioLNG Proofs of Sustainability.

• in France , Storgrhyn in the Grand Est region (identifying geological sites with potential for hydrogen storage in salt caverns);

Regulatory changes

• in the United Kingdom , HyKeuper (creation of salt caverns for hydrogen storage as part of the HyNet infrastructure project). Note that HyNet is a cluster including storage, transport and production infrastructures, and downstream hydrogen consumers. The HyKeuper underground hydrogen storage project is an integral part of HyNet;

• in Germany , Salthy (creation of two salt caverns for hydrogen storage).

The LNG terminals are accessible to all LNG suppliers. Access to regasi ˱cation is regulated. The CRE deliberation setting the tariff for the use of regulated LNG terminals (ATTM 7) for the period beginning April 1, 2025 was adopted on February 6, 2025. In particular, it reduces the maximum term for the regulatory reduction to 20 years for new investments at the Fos Cavaou terminal, a period already applicable to the Montoir-de-Bretagne terminal.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 25] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

Regulatory changes

Value chain and strategic role

• Local production : RGE relies on local units to create sustainable energy ecosystems.

• Injection and traceability : introduction of guarantees of origin and certi ˱cation mechanisms to secure the value chain.

Under the Gas Storage Regulation temporarily put in place following the 2022 energy crisis, the EU set a binding gas storage ˱lling target of at least 90% by November 1 of each year. This target was reached at European level every year until November 1, 2024.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This binding target has exacerbated the dif˱culties of marketing storage capacity in Europe for winter 2025-2026.

• Green mobility and industry : development of bioNGV, a renewable form of NGV (Natural Gas for Vehicles) for road and river transport.

Flagship projects and innovations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Faced with this situation, the EU introduced various ˳exibilities when extending the Gas Storage Regulation until 2027, in order to ensure supply security while limiting the impact on gas markets. These measures introduce ˳exibility in terms of time and potentially volume in the event of unfavorable market conditions.

• Advanced anaerobic digestion : integration of technologies enabling the recovery of biogenic CO₂ to produce e-fuels such as e-methane and e-SAF (electro-sustainable aviation fuel).

• Digitalization : monitoring tools to improve unit performance and reduce operating costs, use of arti ˱cial intelligence to optimize input revenue.

Despite unfavorable conditions, Storengy has sold all its available storage capacity for winter 2025-2026 and achieved a ˱ll rate of over 90% before the November 1 deadline, as in previous years since 2022.

Objectives and outlook

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE aims for biomethane to represent a signi ˱cant share of its gas portfolio, in line with its ambition for carbon neutrality and its role in the European carbon-free gas backbone. This trajectory is accompanied by investments in R&D to improve yields, reduce costs and develop innovative solutions for mobility and industry.

In the context of the energy transition, gas storage plays a dual role in providing security and ˳exibility to the energy system in an environment where gas ˳ows are more unpredictable. LNG, which is more subject to global market dynamics, accounts for a growing share of supply. On the other hand, demand is more variable, in particular due to the growing share of renewables in the energy mix. Storage infrastructures are therefore essential to balance these effects.

1.3.2.2.6 Hydrogen activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Purpose and Strategy

Hydrogen is a key transition energy vector, and ENGIE aims to develop strong positions throughout the entire value chain of hydrogen production, networks, mobility and trading.

More speci˱cally on the revenue model, the decision of the Energy Regulatory Commission (CRE) on January 31, 2024 sets the terms and conditions of the ATS3 tariff for Storengy France for the period 2024-2027. The compensation rate for assets integrated into the regulated asset base (RAB) before December 31, 2023 is 4.6% real before tax. In addition, new assets (integrated into the RAB after that date) will be compensated by a nominal rate of 5.9% before tax, over a period of 30 years rather than 50 years.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.2.2.5 Renewable Gas

In Europe , the Group bene ˱ts from its portfolio of industrial and local authority customers (Local Energy Infrastructures GBU) as well as signi˱cant renewable energy production capacity and the commercial know-how of the Supply & Energy Management GBU.

In France , Germany and the United Kingdom , the Group is expanding around the existing transport networks (NaTran – see Section 1.3.2.2.2) and storage networks (Storengy – see Section 1.3.2.2.4) that are a central part of the future European hydrogen backbone.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group prioritizes developing projects in countries where renewable hydrogen can be produced competitively and where it has a strong position, in particular those where public policies encourage hydrogen development, with the aim of supporting its customers’ energy transition.

Description of activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Networks GBU coordinates all of the Group's hydrogen activities, which are developed in the various GBU according to their relevant expertise.

Renewable Gas (RG), a major player in the production of green gas, is the ENGIE entity dedicated to the development and production of biomethane in Europe. With 350 employees and 42 production units in four European countries – France , the United Kingdom , Belgium and the Netherlands – RG had a total installed capacity of 1.2 TWh/year at the end of 2025. RG is engaged in development activities in Poland and Spain , but has no units in operation. More generally, RG is continuing its development in Europe while accelerating industrialization and increasing the capacity of its units, with the aim of producing 10 TWh by 2035. Biomethane, produced through anaerobic digestion of organic matter (agricultural ef ˳uents, biowaste, etc.), is injected into existing gas networks and provides an immediate solution for replacing natural gas. ENGIE is playing an active role in this shift to greener alternatives by developing partnerships with the farming community, recycling waste and contributing to the circular economy.

Regulatory changes

Large-scale production of decarbonized hydrogen : ENGIE has a comprehensive and phased approach, developing projects with its industrial customers in the most favorable geographic areas. ENGIE is targeting industries that would otherwise be dif ˱cult to decarbonize, as well as existing hydrogen consumers. In sectors where electri˱cation is not always possible or ˱nancially viable, hydrogen may be a solution. This is the case in particular for the steel industry, re˱ning (conventional or biofuel), and the production of e-molecules (ammonia, methanol, synthetic kerosene, etc.). ENGIE aims to reach 4 GW of electrolysis capacity by 2035.

As part of its goal of achieving carbon neutrality, the EU is seeking to develop the production of renewable and low-carbon hydrogen on a large scale through its REPowerEU plan. Binding targets for the consumption of renewable hydrogen and hydrogen derivatives have been set for industry and transport under the EU RED III directive. The ReFuelEU aviation regulation also sets binding targets for e-fuels. These are positive changes that demonstrate a strengthened political drive but that still need to be implemented in practice, particularly through a simpli ˱ed and accelerated funding process.

[Page 26] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

Networks: The adaptation and conversion of networks for development of hydrogen is a priority for the Group.

In July 2025, ENGIE commenced the HyCoFlex project to inject 100% hydrogen into a Siemens 12 MW gas turbine, following the Hy ˳exPower project, paving the way for the use of hydrogen in its gas-˱red power plants in Europe. By testing several mixtures of hydrogen and methane, the project makes it possible to concretely measure the impact of hydrogen on turbine performance and maintenance.

In addition to projects connecting hydrogen producers and consumers within industrial hubs, NaTran is heavily involved in the development of a European hydrogen backbone through the H2med project, a hydrogen pipeline linking Portugal and Spain to France and Germany (see Section 1.3.2.2.2), for which pre-feasibility studies are ongoing. Storengy is developing an underground hydrogen storage service to enable reliable and ˳exible hydrogen supply (HyPSTER and GeoH2 projects in France, Salthy in Germany, HyNet Cluster in the United Kingdom).

In June 2025, ENGIE’s France KerEAUzen project received a grant from the French Environment and Energy Management Agency (ADEME) to fund its basic engineering studies, and signed a biogenic CO 2 supply agreement with SUEZ and other partners. The aim of the project is to produce e-SAF to decarbonize the air transport sector through the combination of biogenic CO 2 and hydrogen produced by water electrolysis using renewable, low-carbon electricity.

Hydrogen trading: the S&EM GBU aims to grow within the wholesale low-carbon hydrogen and derivative molecules (methane, ammonia, etc.) market, thanks to a portfolio of diversi ˱ed supply, sale with services adapted to the requirements of each customer, and electricity and gas supply to hydrogen production sites.

Decentralized hydrogen supply: ENGIE, through the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU, is one of the leading players in France in the development of regional hydrogen ecosystems for mobility and industrial uses. It ˱nances, designs and operates decentralized systems for the production of hydrogen by electrolysis and charging points for public and private transport operators.

Innovation: in terms of innovation, ENGIE supports investment in the development of hydrogen technologies. In 2022, ENGIE inaugurated its H2 Lab, a research and innovation center dedicated to low-carbon hydrogen, equipped with testing facilities for the entire hydrogen value chain, from production through to use. Natural hydrogen could be a new competitive, low-carbon hydrogen resource to help decarbonize regions.

In this context, in March 2025 ENGIE signed a 10-year agreement with a hydrogen-consuming industrial company in France for the combined supply of hydrogen and heat, and the operation and maintenance of a 1 MW electrolyzer on site. ENGIE currently operates hydrogen infrastructures in France with a combined production capacity of 6 MW.

1.3.2.3 Activities in South America

1.3.2.3.1 Gas

In addition, several new projects are currently under review, development or construction. Two major investment projects were recently completed:

In the United States , ENGIE is dismantling the Neptune LNG LLC regasi ˱cation terminal off the coast of Boston.

• GASFOR II, an 84 km gas pipeline (loop in the existing network), and an investment of around €97 million (BRL 600 million, no indexed value);

• a connection to the Sergipe LNG terminal with a 25 km pipeline, and a total investment of around €60 million (BRL 375 million, no indexed value).

In Chile , ENGIE holds a 63% stake in GNL Mejillones, an LNG regasi ˱cation terminal with a 5.5 Mm3/day capacity, located in northern Chile, and a 100% stake in ENGIE Stream Solutions Chile (which absorbed ENGIE Gas Chile in early 2025). This company delivers natural gas by pipeline, as well as LNG by truck. In addition, EECL (ENGIE Energia Chile S.A.) owns 100% of Gasoducto NorAndino, a 1,100 km pipeline that supplies EECL’s gas-˱red thermal units in northern Chile (CCGT U16 and CTM3, and IEM ST from 2026) and several industrial and mining customers. The pipeline also includes an interconnection between Argentina and Chile.

In Brazil , the consortium comprising ENGIE (50%) and Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec (CDPQ) (50%) owns the transmission assets of TAG (Transportadora Associada de Gás), one of the leading natural gas transmission companies on the regulated market in Brazil, with a 4,500 km pipeline network in operation, representing around 45% of the country’s total gas infrastructure and operated under a longterm Transport Services Agreement (TSA) with customers. TAG is one of the biggest natural gas transmission companies on the regulated market in Brazil, with a network of 4,500 km of pipelines in operation, representing around 45% of the country's total gas networks. TAG has 11 gas compression installations, 14 gas entry points (including three LNG terminals in operation and a third under construction) and 90 gas delivery points in operation and one other under construction. TAG transports natural gas to 10 local distribution companies (LDCs), re ˱neries, fertilizer plants and thermal power plants. In 2022, TAG ˱nished setting up an autonomous supervision and control center (CSC) in Rio de Janeiro, and successfully launched an entry and exit capacity booking process, growing from one to more than 20 new shippers. TAG has continued expanding its product portfolio and diversifying its shipper pro˱le. New contracts with producers, local distributors and large consumers now account for a signi˱cant proportion of TAG's revenues. The shipper portfolio includes major international oil and gas companies such as Petrobras, Shell, Equinor and Galp.

In Mexico , the operating model is regulated. ENGIE operates eight local distribution companies providing natural gas to nearly 697,000 customers through a 14,226 km network located in the country's major industrial hubs: Bajío, Mexico, Jalisco, Puebla-Tlaxcala, Querétaro, Reynosa-Matamoros, Tampico and Merida. ENGIE also operates three gas pipelines with a total length of 1,311 km supplying natural gas to the economically dynamic areas of Bajío (Bajío pipelines), Central Mexico (Los Ramones II Sur pipelines) and the Yucatan Peninsula (Energía Mayakan), both under a long-term, 25-year transmission services agreement (TSA) with Mexico’s Federal Electricity Commission (CFE). The Bajío pipeline, at 204 km in length, supplies one of Mexico's most dynamic regions. In 2016, ENGIE strengthened its presence in this region with the Los Ramones II Sur gas pipeline which forms part of the Los Ramones national gas transmission system (SISTRANGAS), considered one of the largest gas networks to be built in Mexico in recent years. ENGIE developed Los Ramones II Sur

[Page 27] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

in partnership with Brook ˱eld and the public company Pemex, which own 45% and 5% of the network respectively. At the beginning of 2025, Macquarie Asset Management, one of the world’s largest asset managers, acquired all of Brook˱eld’s shares.

• in 2024, a decree on gas was issued to coordinate and stimulate the natural gas markets and support the national energy transition policy. Several of TAG's contributions have been taken into account in the ˱nal version, and market players are awaiting the implementing measures for the decree.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.2.3.2 Electricity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In the Yucatan Peninsula, in 2024, ENGIE entered into a partnership with Macquarie Asset Management (acquiring a 50% stake) for the operation and expansion of the Mayakan gas pipeline. The 798-kilometer pipeline supplies natural gas to the entire peninsula under a TSA with CFE, which accounts for 96% of the pipeline's capacity. In December 2021, the agreement that expired in 2025 was extended until 2050 for the same capacity. In November 2022, ENGIE and CFE signed a collaboration agreement for an extension of the pipeline. This extension will supply two new gas power plants (Mérida IV and Valladolid IV) and help meet the region's growing demand for natural gas, thus contributing to security of supply.

Regulatory changes

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Gas regulation in Chile remained stable in 2025, following an extensive re-regulation program in 2022-2023, which proved unsuccessful. The last relevant regulatory adjustments, introduced in 2021, included a stricter rule for CCGT plants, making it mandatory for them to start up in the event of an excess supply of LNG. Lastly, since the end of 2024, Gasoducto Norandino has bene ˱ted from a transitional tariff adjustment for deliveries to Argentina, and a full tariff review has been launched there.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In Mexico , a new regulatory authority, the National Energy Commission ( Comisión Nacional de Energía – CNE), created in early 2025. It absorbs most of the functions previously performed by the now dissolved Energy Regulatory Commission (CRE), including the ˱ve-yearly review of tariffs and license renewals.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The main regulatory processes concern gas distribution and transmission permits:

In Brazil , ENGIE owns 68.7% of ENGIE Brasil Energia (EBE). EBE has been active in the power transmission business since December 2017. Two assets have been fully operational since February 2023: Gralha Azul, which has 1,000 km of transmission lines and 10 substations ( ˱ve new and ˱ve upgraded); and Novo Estado, which has 1,800 km of transmission lines in the states of Pará and Tocantins, and 54 substations (one new and four upgraded). In 2022, EBE was awarded the Gavião Real project, in the state of Pará, for the construction of a new 230/138 kV substation and a transmission line of 1.5 km, commissioned in July 2024. In June 2023, ENGIE successfully bid for the Asa Branca project to build a 500 kV transmission line extending 1,000 km in length and to reinforce ˱ve substations, to connect renewable electricity production from the north-eastern state of Bahia to the state of Espírito Santo in the south-east. The ˱rst stretch, representing around a third of the project’s total revenues, was scheduled to go into operation in November 2025. In September 2024, ENGIE was awarded a concession by auction for the Graúna project, which comprises six new transmission lines – one of which is a sectioning – totaling around 740 km, as well as the construction of two new substations and the extension of ˱ve existing ones. The project, which spans ˱ve Brazilian states, also includes the continued operation of four existing lines (162 km) and four substations located in the states of Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo. In July 2025, ENGIE took over full operation of this segment, representing 5% of the project’s total revenues. With three transmission systems in operation and two under development, ENGIE plans to own and operate around 4,600 km of transmission lines nationwide by 2029.

• in July 2025, renewal applications were submitted for ˱ve distribution licenses expiring between 2027 and 2030. Six business plans were submitted in November 2025, and two more are planned for 2027-2028;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• in October 2025, an application was submitted to renew the transmission license of GDB (Gasoducto del Bajío), extending its operation for a further 30 years. The business plan for the Los Ramones II Sur tariff review was submitted in January 2026.

In Brazil ,

In Chile , ENGIE owns a 59.99% stake in ENGIE Energía Chile (EECL). This company operates 2,128 km of electricity transmission lines and 28 substations, including S/E Roncacho and S/E, which were commissioned in 2024. The Group also has two substations under construction (La Ligua and Totihue), 12 km of 220 kV line (Nueva Chuquicamata-Calama second circuit), and 22.4 km of 66 kV line (Totihue-Rosario). EECL also owns 50% of Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte (TEN). This company operates 1,204 km of transmission lines and four substations that interconnect Chile's North and Central electricity grids.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• in April 2021, a new gas law was enacted, but the regulatory provisions have not yet been published. In order to ensure healthy competition on the Brazilian gas market, federal legislation must be harmonized with state legislation, since the ANP regulates activities upstream and midstream in the gas chain, while each state’s local agency regulates downstream activities (27 natural gas distribution companies);

In Peru , ENGIE holds a 62% stake in ENGIE Energía Perú (EEP), through which it operates 476 km of 138, 220 and 500 kV transmission lines. The electricity produced is injected into Peru’s national interconnected electricity system (SEIN). As part of its expansion strategy in the regulated Peruvian transmission market, EEP was awarded the Alpamayo project in 2024 via a Guaranteed Transmission System (STG) call for tenders. The project comprises three construction sites in the Pucallpa, Junín and Ancash regions, totaling approximately 170 km of new 220/138/60 kV transmission lines, as well as three new substations: Shipibo, Nueva Campas and Huaylas. The scope of the project also includes the extension of ˱ve existing substations. The total investment is estimated at €121 million (USD 145 million), with commissioning expected in 2028. In 2025, EEP created ENGIE Transmisión Perú, a fully owned subsidiary, to house the concessions awarded.

• the main risk for gas transmission activities is the bypassing of networks, with projects directly linking gas supply sources to the point of consumption (mainly thermal power plants, which represent around 40% of the country's total demand). The legal framework requires improvement. To this end, TAG and the Group take part in the public debate with various stakeholders, and in particular with federal government decision-makers. They closely follow regulatory changes and the implementation of the legal framework for the new law at both the federal and local level;

• in 2022, the government launched the “Gas to Employ” program to promote the use of natural gas as a substitute for more polluting fuels. TAG is actively involved in this program;

[Page 28] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

Regulatory changes

In Peru , throughout 2025, the Ministry of Energy and Mines continued to develop regulations concerning vertical integration in the electricity sector with a view to clarifying the rules separating electricity production, transmission and distribution activities. This clari ˱cation will give ENGIE greater regulatory certainty to pursue its expansion in the electricity transmission segment.

Furthermore, in September 2025, a new law on the promotion of private investment through public-private partnerships (PPP) was enacted, establishing the regulatory framework within which the Private Investment Promotion Agency, ProInversión, organizes tenders and shortening the timeframes for launching these tenders for remunerated electricity transmission infrastructure projects. The implementing regulations for this law were published in December 2025.

The Ten-Year Energy Expansion Plan (PDE) in Brazil outlines the energy sector’s expansion prospects over a 10-year horizon, and is updated annually. The PDE is built around three key aspects of energy planning: economic (meeting energy needs linked to economic expansion), socioenvironmental (ensuring access to energy for the entire population, promoting regional integration and taking into account other socio-environmental aspects) and strategic (optimizing the use of energy resources with a mediumand long-term vision). In the 2025-2034 PDE reference scenario, some 30,000 km of new transmission lines are planned to be added to the grid by December 2034, bringing the total highvoltage capacity of the Brazilian power system to 218,000 km. For substations, an additional 82,000 MVA (megavoltamperes) of installed capacity is planned, to reach a total of 564,000 MVA by 2034.

Finally, in September 2025, the Andean Community accepted the Republic of Chile’s request to adhere to the regulatory framework for the interconnection of sub-regional transmission networks, marking the ˱rst of˱cial step towards the establishment of an electricity transmission interconnection between Chile and Peru, and opening up new development prospects for ENGIE.

In Chile , following a legislative amendment at the end of 2024, responsibility for issuing calls for tenders for public utility reinforcement work now lies with the asset owner. In this new regulatory context, in September 2025 ENGIE organized the ˱rst public tender to select an EPC (Engineering, Procurement & Construction) contractor to carry out reinforcement work at the Roncacho site, in line with the needs identi˱ed in the annual transmission system extension report.

1.3.2.4 Activities in Europe and the rest of the world

ENGIE operates in gas networks in Romania via Distrigaz Sud Retele, a subsidiary 99.99% owned by ENGIE Romania, itself 62.99% owned. Its operating model is regulated. Distrigaz Sud Retele is the country's main natural gas distributor. It covered the southern half of Romania and operated a distribution network of 24,483 km at the end of 2025, serving more than 2.2 million delivery points.

Depomures was granted €12.77 million from the European Connecting Europe Facility (CEF Energy) to build a new compressor station. Part of the natural gas storage development plan de ˱ned as a Projects of Common Interest by the EU, this investment will increase working storage capacity by 33% and consolidate security of supply in the region.

The Group is also active in natural gas storage in Romania through its subsidiary Depomures, which is 59% owned by ENGIE. It operates a storage facility of 3 TWh, representing 10% of the country's natural gas storage capacity. In 2024,

In Germany , ENGIE has a 31.58% stake in GASAG, a Berlinbased gas distribution company. It also covers the Brandenburg region through its subsidiaries. GASAG markets and sells energy and energy services.

[Page 29] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.3 Local Energy Infrastructures GBU

KEY FIGURES

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Revenues (in millions of euros) 8,831 8,900 -0.8%

EBIT (in millions of euros) 482 491 -1.7%

1.3.3.1 Purpose, organization and strategy

Purpose

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The GBU also provides a range of operational services with the operation and maintenance of installations producing and distributing heat and cold in buildings, energy management, etc.

The combination of these solutions enables us to offer comprehensive solutions for a wider range of assets, highlighting synergies that create a competitive advantage.

Organization

The Local Energy Infrastructures (LEI) GBU is one of the global leaders (1) in decentralized energy networks and associated services. The GBU aims to support towns and cities, local authorities, and industrial and service sector customers in their decarbonization pathway. To do so, the GBU provides a wide range of solutions to drive action on three levels: greener energy mixes, energy ef ˱ciency and energy savings.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Local Energy Infrastructures GBU is structured into 14 operating entities located in ˱ve priority countries in Europe (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Poland), Southeast Asia (Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines) and the Middle East, through its subsidiary Tabreed.

With nearly 28,500 employees, it meets the needs of local authorities, industry and the service sector, with a shared ambition: to accelerate decarbonization in regions through three key business lines – district heating and cooling networks, energy production on industrial or tertiary sites, and energy performance services.

The central teams are responsible for:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• overseeing the overall scope via seven functional departments: Finance, Human Resources, Development & Strategy, Legal, Operations & Performance, Digital and Transformation;

• implementing guidelines, tools and methods to industrialize the GBU's activities and improve both the commercial and operational performance of entities within the scope;

Local energy networks designed on a neighborhood, town or metropolitan scale allow for the production and delivery of ˱nal energy (heating, steam, cooling, electricity) to a large number of users by optimizing the use of green energies available in the area (biomass, geothermal, thermal solar, wastewater heat recovery, thalassothermal, etc.), while developing highly energy-ef˱cient technologies.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• strengthening synergies between the various operational entities.

The GBU provides public authorities with solutions for the creation, development, modernization and operation of these networks, mostly via asset-based (investment) business models, in the following main areas:

• urban heating networks;

• island-based energy networks;

In early 2025, the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU carried out a strategic review of its geographical footprint. This analysis was based on several criteria, including country size, the importance of LEI’s activities in each zone, and the growth potential of the markets concerned.

• sustainable mobility: electric charging infrastructure and biogas stations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

An ad hoc entity, LEI Rest of the World (RoW), has been set up to manage this review (see Section 1.3.6.2), separate from the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU.

Market and competitive environment

On-site energy production depends on networks that allow for the production at an industrial or service sector site of the ˱nal energy required for its operation (heating, cooling, electricity, steam, compressed air, etc.).

Three types of players are present in each of the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU business lines:

• utilities with infrastructure and/or energy services activities;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The GBU provides industrial and service sector customers with solutions for the creation, development, modernization and operation of these networks, primarily via asset-based business models. In particular, they are used for:

• network funds, which are more focused on network activities, with assets notably in cooling and heating networks and sustainable mobility;

• ˱nal energy production through on-site low-carbon sources (biomass, thermal solar energy, geothermal energy, fatal heat recovery) and systems to optimize energy ef˱ciency;

• decentralized solar power.

• some players in the construction industry are developing specialized energy-related entities, with a different business model (works, operation-maintenance) and an increasingly pronounced desire to link them to performance commitments.

Lastly, energy performance contracts combine the production of ˱nal energy with the use of energy from renewable and recovered sources (solar power, biomethane, etc.) in an ef˱cient and less wasteful way.

In this way, the GBU can offer its local authority, industrial, and service sector customers contracts that include commitments to reduce the energy consumption of their buildings and the associated CO 2 emissions.

(1) Competitive positions established on the basis of specialist work within the Group, carried out using available information published by stakeholders or entities providing external analysis. They are based on the scope of the Group at December 31, 2023.

[Page 30] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.3.2 Activities in France

Urban heating networks

On-site energy production

In 2025, the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU continued to expand urban heating and cooling networks, mainly through the following projects:

In 2025, the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU continued to support manufacturers in their energy transition through the following projects:

• Airbus (Europe): framework agreement to decarbonize 22 Airbus industrial sites in France, Spain and Germany;

• Versailles (Yvelines): the renewed contract for the Versailles network resulted in an ambitious project to decarbonize a large part of energy production thanks to the integration of geothermal energy, enabling a renewable energy share of nearly 70% further out. In addition, the network perimeter has been extended to double the number of sites it serves;

• CEA (Isère): construction, ˱nancing and operation of a new multi-utility plant (Pôle Utilités Services) for the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) site in Grenoble;

• Umicore (south-east): agreement for on-site production of carbon-free hydrogen.

• Montceau-les-Mines (Saône-et-Loire): the network has been completely greened thanks to the halt of cogeneration in favor of a biomass and waste heat recovery solution, accompanied by a 12.5-year contract extension;

Energy performance

In 2025, the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU also supported local authorities in managing their energy consumption:

• Lyon (Rhône): a signi ˱cant 50 GWh extension to the Plateau Nord network, representing 100 buildings and including the connection of Lyon’s emblematic Croix Rousse district. The extension includes the installation of a biomass boiler with a 14 MW absorption heat pump.

• the Departmental Council of Indre-et-Loire with the ˱rst environmental performance agreement in France with an eight-year term. It involves measures to improve biodiversity and energy performance covering 70 sites, with the aim of reducing CO 2 emissions by 39%, energy consumption by 29% and drinking water consumption by 12%;

• the seven-year energy performance agreement for the city of Lille, for the modernization and management of energy systems in over 211 buildings, with the aim of reducing gas consumption by 20 to 23% and electricity consumption by 7 to 14%.

1.3.3.3 Europe (excl. France)

Italy

Spain

The GBU is active in the provision of energy ef ˱ciency solutions and on-site utilities. It is also a player in cities via several district heating and cooling networks, particularly in Barcelona.

The GBU has leading positions in heating networks in the north of Italy and is one of the biggest players in public lighting, with more than 630,000 lighting points under management. In addition, as a leader, the GBU also provides energy ef ˱ciency and on-site utilities solutions to businesses and public sector customers.

In 2025, it was awarded the Burgos district heating network project under a 35-year concession for 21 MW. It also won the Heineken Jaén project to produce industrial heat from a 8.9 MW biomass boiler under a 10-year contract.

Poland

In 2025, the GBU was awarded several energy ef˱ciency contracts, namely with the University of Florence. It also strengthened its relationships with players in the data center sector, such as Data4, and solidi˱ed its position in district heating networks with the acquisition of Corsico.

Germany

The GBU is a major player in the district heating network market. It also provides installation, operation and maintenance services, and is developing on-site utilities and decentralized solar activities.

In 2025, the GBU completed its coal phase-out, in line with the Group's commitments, notably through new biomass boiler and heat pump installations on the Słupsk and Złotów heating networks. These developments demonstrate the Group’s ability and ambition to contribute to decarbonizing heating networks and industrial sites in Poland.

The GBU is a major player in on-site utilities through longterm contracts with industrial and service sector customers. It actively participates in the installation, operation and maintenance of energy management and ef ˱ciency solutions and has speci˱c expertise, particularly in refrigeration. Lastly, for several decades, the GBU has held stakes in a number of Stadtwerke – local energy production and distribution companies – making ENGIE a player with strong regional roots in Germany.

In 2025, the GBU supported the decarbonization efforts of private and public customers, including through the planning and construction of a district heating network in Tettnang fully powered by renewable energy, the supply of energy for Bayer’s Monheim site, and the construction of a 200 MW power-to-heat plant for Berlin Energie und Wärme and Xion’s data center in Rellingen.

[Page 31] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.3.4 Middle East and Southeast Asia

Persian Gulf countries

Southeast Asia

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The GBU has strong capacity in technical maintenance, energy ef ˱ciency and district cooling systems. It is also active in distributed solar projects and low-carbon turnkey solutions for industrial customers.

ENGIE holds a 40% stake in Tabreed (National Central Cooling Company PJSC), a leader in urban cooling networks in Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. The company distributes the equivalent of more than a million metric tons of cold energy. Tabreed achieved two major successes in 2025: winning the new Palm Jebel Ali concession in Dubai, and acquiring PAL Cooling in Abu Dhabi.

In 2025, in Malaysia, the GBU inaugurated a district cooling installation for Sunway Square in Kuala Lumpur, a mixed-use project comprising of˱ces, shops, a performing arts center and a university campus.

1.3.3.5 Electric mobility charging

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• highways, with the largest concession contract in Flanders, including more than 6,000 charging points and 1 GWh of electricity sold every week;

In 2025, ENGIE Vianeo continued its development with more than 4 million charging sessions since its launch, 10,000 charging points in service and an acceleration in strategic segments such as:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• heavy mobility at the port of Kiel in Germany, with the signing of a partnership agreement for the ˱nancing, construction and operation of two charging stations for heavy goods vehicles, planned to go into operation in 2026.

• time-saving charging in INDIGO parking garages in city centers and Unibail Rodamco West ˱eld shopping centers, for nearly 500 fast (50 kW) and ultra-fast (400 kW) charging points;

1.3.4 Supply & Energy Management GBU

KEY FIGURES

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change

Revenues (in millions of euros) 42,495 44,717 -5%

EBIT (in millions of euros) 2,357 3,101 -24%

Number of BtoC gas energy contracts (in millions) 10.1 10.3 -1.7%

Number of BtoC electricity energy contracts (in millions) 9.4 9.2 +1.5%

Electricity volumes delivered to end customers (TWh) 232 210 +10.4%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.4.1 Purpose, organization and strategy

Purpose

Organization

The role of the Supply & Energy Management (S&EM) GBU is to connect the Group's assets to its markets and customers.

Active in 19 countries, the Supply & Energy Management GBU operates worldwide and is organized around:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The S&EM GBU has a twofold mission:

• three operating areas:

• Energy Management,

• OneBtoB,

• OneBtoC;

• Optimize the value of the Group's power, gas, renewable and storage assets , manage the portfolio risks on behalf of ENGIE on all its markets and contribute to the competitiveness of the Group. S&EM optimizes nearly 60 GW of energy assets for the Group and its customers.

• three operational support departments:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• portfolio,

• sustainable development including strategy, CSR, carbon accounting and communication,

• Ensure a reliable, sustainable and competitive energy future for all customers, whether residential, local authorities or businesses. ENGIE serves more than 200,000 BtoB customers and holds around 20 million BtoC contracts.

• digital, data and IT;

• three support functions:

• legal and ethics,

• ˱nance including risks,

• human resources.

Strategy

The S&EM GBU is rolling out a growth strategy based on the following pillars:

• developing a balanced portfolio of electrons and molecules where ENGIE operates. While electri ˱cation is progressing, gas remains essential to a diversi˱ed energy mix in

[Page 32] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

ensuring a reliable and resilient energy system;

• strengthening competitiveness by improving operational excellence , in particular through the use of arti ˱cial intelligence and process simpli˱cation.

• continuing to supply more green energy to all the Group’s customers , to support their transition to decarbonization. Achieving this aim calls for deploying innovative, customized and simple solutions that combine consumption management and demand ˳exibility, battery storage optimization solutions, and a 24/7 continuous supply of carbon-free electricity;

S&EM plays a key role in linking energy production assets to markets and, ultimately, to consumers. S&EM's strategy to develop its green energy portfolio is supported by cultural change initiatives and speci˱c training programs, as well as the inclusion of social, environmental and carbon emissions criteria in the decision-making process. By proactively reducing the carbon intensity of its sales, S&EM contributes to the Group's climate goals.

1.3.4.2 Activities of S&EM

S&EM activities are divided into three main areas of expertise.

Asset optimization

In 2025, S&EM optimized nearly 60 GW of energy assets for the Group and its customers:

Regarding electricity assets , S&EM provides marketing and dispatching activities for ENGIE's production assets as well as for third-party assets.

Concerning gas asset management , S&EM:

• manages the upstream supply, transmission and storage capacities, including recovery and optimization of ˳exibility (combined cycle gas power plants) through the markets;

• optimizes a portfolio of LNG, biomethane and biomass assets.

Supplying energy and services to BtoB and BtoC customers

ENGIE engages in BtoB supply activities in 12 countries: serving more than 200,000 business customers, including major international accounts and around 800 global customers, S&EM develops renewable electricity supply activities (renewable power purchase agreements – PPAs) and offers customized solutions to help BtoB customers achieve their environmental, social and governance objectives. These solutions cover green energy supply, guarantees of origin, energy traceability, carbon offsetting mechanisms, energy ef ˱ciency and integrated offerings combining supply, risk management and carbon performance management. BtoB sales momentum is based on growth in renewable electricity sales, support for customers’ decarbonization pathways, and the strengthening of long-term partnerships in the face of volatile energy markets. ENGIE is also developing 24/7 decarbonized energy supply offers, aimed at ensuring that every hour of its customers’ consumption is covered by decarbonized production, making power reliable as well as sustainable.

Risk management

S&EM ensures security of supply for the Group’s customers, supplying them with natural gas, green and low-carbon gas (biomethane, hydrogen) and electricity. It serves residential, business and large industrial customers as well as other ENGIE commercial entities.

S&EM manages the risks of the Group's physical and ˱nancial energy portfolio through an integrated approach combining market expertise, bespoke hedging strategies and direct access to energy markets. This risk management covers the entire value chain, from procurement to supply for BtoB and BtoC customers.

ENGIE engages in BtoC supply activities in six countries: France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Romania, Italy and Australia. It manages around 20 million BtoC contracts for electricity, gas and related energy services. These activities rely on close proximity to local markets and the ability to serve large customer portfolios, particularly in France and Belgium, which account for a signi ˱cant proportion of sales volumes.

Its teams draw on their in-depth knowledge of electricity and gas markets, production assets and customer consumption pro˱les to ensure reliable supply. Hedging strategies are tailored to customer portfolios and time horizons, incorporating price, volume and imbalance risks.

Faced with the growing complexity of the energy market, ENGIE’s ambition is to embody the image of a trusted partner to its customers by developing offers tailored to their needs, and to help them choose the best deal while reducing their carbon footprint. BtoC sales momentum is notably driven by enriching offers, digitalizing the customer experience and developing services to help customers consume less, better and at the right time. In 2025, ENGIE also launched a strategy to refocus its BtoC activities on energy supply.

[Page 33] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

Agreements and partnerships

Green electricity (1) : several renewable electricity purchase agreements (PPAs) were signed with Apple in Italy and META in the United States, representing major collaborations to support the energy transition.

In 2025, ENGIE reached new milestones by concluding strategic agreements and launching several innovative partnerships, including:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

24/7 solutions: ENGIE has signed an agreement with Einstein Bros.® Bagels that will cover 90% of the hourly electricity consumption of 25 locations in Texas with renewable energy (wind and solar), illustrating its commitment to 24/7 lowcarbon solutions.

Biomethane: signature of a biomethane purchase agreement with CVE under the French biogas production certi ˱cates (CPB) scheme. This 15-year partnership strengthens the security of supply of green gas and supports France’s national objective of injecting 44 TWh of biomethane by 2030.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Hydrogen: ENGIE secured a 10-year hydrogen storage capacity in Germany with RWE Gas Storage West, starting in 2028, representing a major step forward in strengthening the European hydrogen value chain.

New BtoC offer: in France, ENGIE is breaking new ground with an innovative offer: every day, customers bene ˱t from two hours of free green electricity, to be chosen from three slots between 1pm and 5pm – when the sun shines brightest and renewable energy is most abundant.

1.3.4.3 Regulatory changes

hold any volumes from Russia. Contractual clauses are included in supply agreements to prevent any inadvertent acceptance of Russian LNG. These clauses also ensure that Russian vessels are not used to deliver the Group's cargoes.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In France, major discussions are underway to de ˱ne the terms of the “universal nuclear payment” mechanism ( Versement nucléaire universel – VNU), which came into force in January 2026 and replaces the regulated access to historical nuclear energy ( Accès régulé à l'électricité nucléaire historique – ARENH) scheme. This new mechanism provides for customers to bene ˱t from reduced bills when electricity market prices are high.

The Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) came into force on January 1, 2026. ENGIE must now report its electricity imports from countries outside the EU. These import volumes are limited and stem mainly from the United Kingdom.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In Europe, the ˱nancing mechanisms for the energy transition currently being transposed into local legislation could have a major impact on household bills. This is the case for the ETS II mechanism currently being transposed in EU member states, and the biogas production certi˱cate mechanism in France.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

During 2025, the European Commission reached an agreement on the draft European regulation banning gas imports from Russia. Implementation of the regulation, scheduled for 2026, will have no impact on ENGIE, as its historical Russian gas supply contracts have been suspended since shipments were halted on August 31, 2022. To date, ENGIE no longer buys natural gas directly from entities registered in Russia. As regards LNG, ENGIE does not currently

Lastly, on October 1, 2025, the day-ahead electricity market in Europe moved to 15-minute trading intervals. This regulatory change replaces hourly intervals to better re˳ect the physical reality of the power system. It enables a ˱ner adjustment between production and consumption, facilitates the integration of renewable energies and improves the management of imbalances. This new framework also encourages the development of ˳exibility markets, by reinforcing the value of demand management, storage and ˳exible assets. The switch to 15-minute trading intervals on the EU market facilitates the integration of renewables and creates new opportunities on the ˳exibility market.

1.3.5 Nuclear

KEY FIGURES

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change

Revenues (in millions of euros) 539 68 +695.3%

EBIT (in millions of euros) 714 1,448 -50.7%

Nuclear-powered electricity production capacity (GW@100%) 2 4 -52.9%

1.3.5.1 Purpose and Strategy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Nuclear operating entity is dedicated to the operational management of the nuclear reactors in Belgium and the rights held by EDF's two power plants in France.

• to ensure that Tihange 3 and Doel 4 were back on the grid by November 1, 2025 at the latest (deadline met well in advance);

• to control the costs of the decommissioning program.

The operating entity is structured around the following priorities:

Nuclear safety is a key part of these priorities. The current nuclear safety system is being continuously strengthened, in close collaboration with the nuclear safety authorities.

• to ensure the optimum availability of nuclear power plants during their operational phase, thereby contributing to the production of carbon-free electricity;

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 34] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

1.3.5.2 Description of activities

• the setting of a lump sum for future costs related to the treatment of nuclear waste, for all ENGIE nuclear facilities in Belgium, for a total amount of €15 billion 2022 payable in two installments according to the waste categories;

• the lifting of restrictions on Electrabel's non-European assets.

On February 21, 2025, the European Commission approved under EU state aid rules the agreement between ENGIE and the Belgian government.

The entity's sites in Belgium are located in Doel, Tihange and Brussels. Electrabel operates the Doel and the Tihange nuclear power plants in compliance with the strictest nuclear safety standards. The Doel 3 (1,006 MW) and Tihange 2 (1,008 MW) plants were permanently shut down on September 23, 2022 and January 31, 2023, respectively. Following the de ˱nitive shutdown of Doel 1 (445 MW) on February 14, 2025, Tihange 1 (962 MW) on September 30, 2025 and Doel 2 (445 MW) on November 30, 2025, the remaining power plants in operation at the end of 2025 (Doel 4 and Tihange 3) represent a total installed capacity in Belgium of 2056 MW (of which 210 MW belong to the EDF group and 1,846 MW to a 50/50 partnership between the Belgian government and ENGIE). The Group also has 1,118 MW of drawing rights in the Tricastin and Chooz B power plants in France.

The transaction was completed on March 14, 2025, and Doel 4 and Tihange 3 were restarted well before November 1, 2025. The Group paid the amount of €15 billion 2022 in two installments according to waste categories of which €12.2 billion upon closing in March 2025 and the balance of €3.6 billion following the restart of the Doel 4 power plant on October 14 (see Note 17.2 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

The initial legal framework provided for the gradual withdrawal from the operation of nuclear power plants in Belgium between 2022 and 2025. Following a decision dated March 18, 2022, the Belgian government decided to take the necessary measures to extend the operating life of Doel 4 and Tihange 3 by 10 years.

Under the Phoenix agreements, Electrabel sold to its parent company (i) International Power (international activities) and (ii) Engie Invest International (internal ˱nancial vehicles), thus limiting the restrictions on capital transactions imposed by the Belgian Commission for Nuclear Provisions (CPN) to operating activities in Europe.

On December 13, 2023, ENGIE and the Belgian government signed the ˱nal agreement on the extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear reactors and all obligations related to nuclear waste. It stipulates:

• the commitment of the two parties to carry out a ˳exible long-term operation arrangement for an estimated investment amount of between €1.6 billion and €2 billion, and to make their best efforts to restart the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear units from November 2025;

The Group assumes obligations resulting from the Belgian Act of April 11, 2003 as amended by the Act dated July 12, 2022, relating to the provisions made for the dismantling of nuclear power plants and for the management of spent nuclear fuel. The Act of July 12, 2022 provides in particular for the full ˱nancing of nuclear provisions by 2030 and a strengthening of the control of the Belgian Commission for Nuclear Provisions on certain decisions relating to the capital of Electrabel and to Synatom.

• the establishment of a legal structure dedicated to the two extended nuclear units, equally owned by the Belgian State and ENGIE;

In the framework of the above-mentioned ˱nal agreement, the Act of July 12, 2022 will be amended to take into account the establishment of a lump sum payment for future costs related to the treatment of nuclear waste (€15 billion 2022 ), with Electrabel remaining exclusively responsible only for dismantling obligations (and still subject to nuclear provisions). The three-yearly review due in 2025 was sent to the CPN on October 2.

• the business model for the extension with a balanced distribution of risks, in particular through a Contract for Difference mechanism for compensation of electricity production. The strike price will be based on the actual cost of extending the nuclear units. This cost is not yet known but will be estimated based on nuclear safety requirements established by the Federal Agency for Nuclear Control (AFCN). An initial price ˱xed at end-2025 will be updated in 2028 based on the known amount of the ˱nal cost of the extension, to cover the period up to 2035;

1.3.6 Other

1.3.6.1 Tractebel

Energy

Tractebel is a recognized leading engineering and consulting company that offers integrated solutions in energy, nuclear, water and sustainable networks, on a mission to contribute to the transition toward a carbon neutral future alongside its public and private customers.

Tractebel continues to provide its expertise and experience in nuclear energy to major operators. covering the design, planning, development and supervision of the construction of projects. For ENGIE, Tractebel is mainly involved in projects for new power plants such as the Flémalle combined-cycle gas plant in Belgium, wind farm projects like Serra do Assuruá in Brazil, and the battery energy storage project at the Maxima combined-cycle gas plant in the Netherlands.

With 5,500 employees, Tractebel has refocused its activities in 40 countries with particular emphasis on the renewable energies market, energy storage (battery storage systems and pumped-storage power stations), data centers, small modular nuclear reactors (SMRs) and the environment and climate resilience market.

[Page 35] Presentation of the Group

Description of the Group's activities at December 31, 2025

Energy Transfer Station (PETS) in Australia and with a view to increasing the capacity of Coo in Belgium. Tractebel is also involved in hydropower dam rehabilitation projects, such as the Wasuna project contributing to the low-carbon energy transition in Côte d’Ivoire.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks

Tractebel continues to provide its expertise and experience in nuclear power to major operators. Tractebel also provides its services to players such as EDF in France and ESKOM in South Africa, as well as ENGIE in Belgium. Tractebel is also involved in the development of the ANGRA 3 construction project in Brazil, as well as new reactors at the Hinkley Point and Sizewell sites in the UK. It is also involved in large-scale projects for research reactors such as PALLAS in the Netherlands, small modular nuclear reactors (SMRs) and defense infrastructures and nuclear waste management, as well as in the ˱eld of medical applications, for example through its participation in the PanTera project in Belgium for the design and construction of a radioisotope production center to ˱ght cancer.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Water

In the urban networks sector, Tractebel helps to engineer buildings, land transportation networks and cities, with the aim of accelerating the development of integrated offerings and decarbonizing districts and regions. Using modeling and simulation tools, Tractebel is taking part in various public transport and mobility infrastructure projects in Belgium, Germany and India, and in the Grand Paris Express (France) and Belgrade (Serbia) metro projects. Tractebel is also a major player in the ˱eld of energy-ef˱cient buildings, for example through its involvement in the renovation of the Marnix building in Brussels (Belgium). Tractebel is at the forefront of energy-ef˱cient data center engineering, designing more than 8.3 GW of data centers in 2024.

In the water sector, Tractebel works on dams and hydropower projects of all sizes, water irrigation, supply, puri ˱cation and distribution, as well as maritime and river networks and coastal protection in connection with climate change. Tractebel is carrying out studies for the Snowy 2.0 Pumping

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3.6.2 LEI Rest of the World (RoW)

The ad hoc entity LEI Rest of the World (RoW) holds LEI assets for which a disposal is planned.

initiatives launched in 2024, including the sale of the facility management business in Saudi Arabia and part of the services business in the United States.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Following this strategic review, a process was undertaken to dispose of the assets identi ˱ed. A number of transactions were already completed in 2025, following on from the

The review is also being continued in several geographic regions, including the United States, Brazil and Europe.

1.3.7 Group business model

The Group's business model is presented in Section 3.1.1.2.1.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 36] Presentation of the Group

Research and innovation

1.4 RESEARCH AND INNOVATION

1.4.1 Description and organization

de˱ned with the GBU, and implemented by the CRIGEN and Cylergie laboratories (France), Laborelec (Belgium), Lab Singapore (Singapore) and the Corporate Venture arm ENGIE New Ventures .

At end-2025, ENGIE's R&I teams comprised more than 630 employees.

Being a major player in the energy transition means understanding and mastering new trends, technologies and business models. ENGIE's Research & Innovation (R&I) teams strive to develop and integrate innovative tools and solutions that could make a major difference in the energy transition while strengthening the Group's leading position. Thanks to its expertise, ENGIE can identify, test and roll out the solutions that will contribute to making the energy transition possible and affordable. This work, carried out in areas that align with the Group's strategy and selected in close collaboration with the GBU, simultaneously addresses a variety of timelines through different means of intervention, combining internal expertise, partnerships and collaborations.

The R&I priorities are aligned with the Group's strategic objectives and growth targets under the oversight of speci ˱c governance measures, based on an ongoing dialogue between R&I and the GBU. R&I priorities for 2025 mainly focused on renewable energy systems (solar power, wind), green gas production and use (hydrogen, biomethane) and the development of decentralized energy networks (district heating & cooling, decentralized solar power and mobility).

In 2025, the Group leveraged the simpli ˱ed and streamlined R&I organization that was introduced on January 1, 2022, around research programs and startup investment priorities

1.4.2 Research activities

Research teams work in the CRIGEN, Cylergie, Laborelec and Lab Singapore labs on all aspects of detecting, testing and developing new technologies, thereby supporting the Group's various businesses with their performance and competitive edge. Research centers and teams can also provide the

necessary expertise and technical support for key operations in business entities and innovation projects (for instance, EU Innovation Fund and Green Deal projects and major tenders). They provide a mediumand long-term technological vision to guide the Group's decisions.

In 2025, Group technological Research and Development expenditure amounted to €125 million.

2025 2024 2023

R&D expenditure (in millions of euros) 125 146 142

R&I is also responsible for innovation activities.

In particular, ENGIE New Ventures has invested in over 50 start-ups since its creation in 2014, and currently holds a portfolio of 25 investments, a list of which is available at www.engieventures.com. In 2025, investments in three innovative start-ups (including two new ones) focused on priority growth sectors for the Group such as the optimization of renewable electricity production, the development of biomethane and heating and cooling networks.

ENGIE R&I also works alongside external, industrial and academic partners, with a portfolio of around 100 collaborative projects. This exchange of expertise allows ENGIE to bring new technologies and customer offerings to maturity, as well as to explore and develop more long-term subjects. Among these partnerships, ENGIE R&I collaborates in particular with the National Laboratory of the Rockies and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the United States, the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA), National Centre for Scienti ˱c Research (CNRS) and National Research Institute for Agriculture, Food and Environment (INRAE) in France, the Fraunhofer institutes in Germany and EnergyVille in Belgium.

The objective of these investments is to identify emerging technologies and business models in ENGIE's businesses, to provide priority access to these innovations through strategic partnerships, and to obtain a balanced return on investment.

Lastly, ENGIE is con˱rming its role as a driver of innovation to accelerate performance and support the Group’s growth, via three pillars: open innovation, the acceleration of innovative projects, and culture and visibility. Achievements in 2025 included the launch of two innovative projects, enabling accelerated testing of new offers in the shipping market (Onset Energy) and in the supply of biomethane production units (MetaNow), while reducing the risks associated with these segments.

ENGIE R&I takes part in European research projects, as well as in projects co-funded by French and Belgian public bodies. For example, ENGIE partners with several dozen research projects in the European Commission's HORIZON program. The Group is a member of several academic chairs co-funded by the French National Research Agency (ANR), such as the Prosper-H2 chair and the ORHYON chair. Since 2009, ENGIE has been supported by a scienti˱c committee which brings together 10 world-renowned scientists covering the major disciplines related to the Group's activities.

[Page 37] Presentation of the Group

Financial performance

1.5 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

1.5.1 Highlights

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The highlights of 2025 are described in Section 6.1.1.1 ENGIE full-year 2025 results.

1.5.2 Financial objectives for 2026-2028

When presenting its 2025 annual results, ENGIE updated its ˱nancial objectives for 2026-2028 (see Section 6.1).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

integration of UK Power Networks (UKPN) from July 1 and the adjustment of the asset portfolio. EBIT excluding Nuclear is expected within an indicative range of €8.7 to €9.7 billion (compared with a previously announced range of €8.2 to €9.2 billion).

ENGIE expects to achieve net recurring income Group share of between €4.6 and €5.2 billion in 2026, compared with a previously announced range of €4.2 to €4.8 billion, due to the

2026-2028 outlook and guidance illustrating ENGIE's new growth pro ˱le

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

From 2026, in line with the announced trajectory, the Group will enter a new phase of sustainable earnings growth driven by the contribution of its investments, including in electricity distribution networks, and its performance plan, despite weaker energy market conditions and unfavorable changes in

exchange rate assumptions. The Group also expects a lower tax rate over the period. In 2028, net recurring income Group share is therefore expected to stand at between €5.2 and €5.8 billion. EBIT excluding Nuclear is expected within an indicative range of €10.3 to €11.3 billion.

Between 2026 and 2028, ENGIE's outlook is as follows:

In billions of euros 2026 results 2027 results 2028 results

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT excluding Nuclear (new) 8.7-9.7 9.8-10.8 10.3-11.3

EBIT excluding Nuclear (previous) 8.2-9.2 9.0-10.0 n/a

NRIgs guidance (new) 4.6-5.2 4.9-5.5 5.2-5.8

NRIgs guidance (previous) 4.2-4.8 4.4-5.0 n/a

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE is committed to a strong investment grade credit rating and continues to target a ratio below or equal to 4.0x economic net debt to EBITDA (1) over the long term.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 38] Presentation of the Group

Financial performance

1.5.3 2025 key ˱nancial ˱gures

In millions of euros 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021

1. Revenues 71,944 73,812 82,565 93,865 57,866

of which generated outside France 42,315 41,189 45,889 59,617 33,525

2. Income

EBITDA 14,732 15,566 15,017 13,713 10,563

• EBIT 9,471 10,341 10,084 9,045 6,145

• Net income/(loss), Group share 3,827 4,106 2,208 216 3,661

• Net recurring income, Group share 4,896 5,531 5,366 5,510 3,158

• Net recurring income relating to continued operations 4,896 5,531 5,366 5,223 2,927

3. Cash ˳ow

Cash ˳ow from operating activities (1,476) 13,144 13,117 8,586 7,312

of which cash generated from operations before net ˱nancial income/(loss) and income tax 13,525 14,401 14,407 12,415 9,806

Cash ˳ow used in investing activities 444 (11,338) (11,818) (4,290) (11,042)

Cash ˳ow from/(used in) ˱nancing activities (858) (1,457) (218) (2,979) 4,848

4. Balance sheet

Shareholders' equity 32,951 34,556 30,057 34,253 36,994

Total equity 40,830 41,458 35,724 39,285 41,980

Net debt 38,902 33,223 29,493 24,054 25,350

Debt/EBITDA 2.64 2.13 1.96 1.75 2.40

Total assets 169,249 189,544 194,640 235,490 225,333

5. Per-share data (in euros)

• Average outstanding shares (1) 2,429,184,738 2,425,841,322 2,421,449,644 2,419,985,959 2,419,429,772

• Number of shares at period-end 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011

• Earnings/(loss) per share (1) 1.52 1.66 0.88 0.06 1.46

• Net recurring income, Group share, per share (2) 1.96 2.25 2.18 2.24 1.26

• Dividend paid (2) 1.35 1.48 1.43 1.40 0.85

6. Total average workforce 96,990 100,480 98,791 98,020 174,027

• Fully consolidated entities 94,091 97,322 96,816 96,116 171,754

• Proportionately consolidated entities 501 382 469 479 717

• Entities consolidated using the equity method 2,398 2,776 1,506 1,424 1,556

(1) Earnings per share calculated on the basis of the average number of shares outstanding, net of treasury shares (see Note 12 Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˶nancial statements). (2) 2025: proposed to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting.

[Page 39] Presentation of the Group

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance

1.6 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) PERFORMANCE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group's sustainability performance is an essential part of its overall performance. It is based on commitments, policies and action plans to achieve dated and quanti ˱ed ESG objectives (see Section 1.5.2).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the commitments made by the Group in 2023 to put its climate strategy to a shareholder vote with each major change and at the very least every three years (see Jean-Pierre Clamadieu's response to certain shareholders dated March 22, 2023: https://www.engie.com/en/generalmeeting-april-2023), the updated climate strategy was submitted to a consultative vote by shareholders at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 24, 2025. It was adopted with 96.93% of votes cast.

Following the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, ESG performance is now presented in the Sustainability Statement (see Section 3.1), which lays out the governance, material matters and key ESG risks associated with the Group's activities and the corresponding outcomes.

The Group also calculated its activities' eligibility and alignment rates under the European taxonomy for the ˱fth year. The results are shown in Section 3.1.2.3 European Taxonomy.

It has been subject to a limited assurance audit since 2024 (publication in 2025). External assessments are also carried out by the main non-˱nancial rating agencies, mostly on an annual basis (see Section 1.6.3).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.6.1 ESG policies

All these policies are implemented by the Executive Committee under the supervision of the Board of Directors, whose ESG‑related work is prepared by the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC).

Sustainability drives the Group's purpose, which is to accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, reconciling ˱nancial performance and a positive impact on people and the planet. This purpose, included in the bylaws by a vote of the Shareholders' Meeting in May 2020, guides the development of the business strategy through:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the development of more energy-ef ˱cient and environmentally friendly activities, such as producing renewable energy to replace fossil-based energy, or in other words, the identi˱cation and transformation of environmental and societal issues into opportunities for the Group's businesses;

For example, the Group has developed a tool applied to its investment projects to assess the main ESG topics through risk analyses: climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, biodiversity, forests, fresh water use, industrial pollution (air, water, oceans, soil), waste and the circular economy, stakeholder engagement, sustainable procurement, the just transition and controversies.

Since 2018, ENGIE also has a Vigilance Plan, which can be consulted in Section 3.2.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the management of ESG risks and impacts stemming from its projects, activities and value chain, i.e., relating to the environment, social acceptability, health & safety, human resources, ethics, and governance.

These policies allow the Group to comply fully with the 18 Sustainable Development Goals for the United Nations' 2030 Agenda.

Lastly, an increasingly sizeable part of the Group's investments is funded through green bonds, demonstrating the market's recognition of their sustainability (see Section 5.3).

Since publishing its ˱rst ESG policy in 2014, ENGIE has regularly reviewed its various policies in the many areas covered by ESG. A set of policies covering environmental, social and governance topics is now in place and is presented in the Sustainability Report.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 40] Presentation of the Group

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance

1.6.2 Achievement of ESG targets by 2030

The Group has set itself ambitious targets to be achieved by 2030, in order to meet its ESG commitments.

of the Group's various stakeholders interested in ESG risk management and the alignment of its performance with national and international sustainable development goals.

Based on the Group's purpose, all these targets are part of a continuous improvement approach, to meet growing expectations

The results for these targets are presented below.

PLANET METRICS 2030 targets

2025 results

2024 results 2023 results

CLIMATE TARGETS (1)

Overall Group targets

Total GHG emissions, Scopes 1, 2 (location-based) and 3 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) (2) 120/140 145 157 158

GHG emissions avoided by ENGIE offers and services (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 65/85 31 36 25

Group sector-speci ˱c targets

GHG emissions from energy generation, Scopes 1 and 3.15 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) ☐☐ 26/36 45 48 52

GHG emissions from commodity sales, Scopes 3.3.D and 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 63/83 74 82 81

of which GHG emissions related to fuel sales, Scope 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 36/46 48 53 53

Percent reduction in m ethane emissions from gas infrastructure, Scope 1 vs 2017 (2.2 Mt CO 2 eq.) -50% -54% -57% -32%

Other targets

Share of renewable energy capacity in the electricity production mix (@ 100% and excluding energy storage) (3) 58%/66% 50% 43% 41 %

Percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE (4) 100% 51% - -

GHG emissions related to our ways of working (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 0 0.28 0.32 0.3

SBTi (5) “Well-Below 2°C” certi ˱cation targets

Percent reduction in c arbon intensity of energy generation and consumption vs 2017, Scopes 1 and 2 (304g CO 2 eq. per kWh) (5) -66% -59% -64% -57%

Percent reduction in c arbon intensity of energy sales produced and purchased vs 2017, Scopes 1, 3.3.D and 3.15 (327g CO 2 eq. per kWh) (5) -56% -39% -38% -35%

Percent reduction in o ther GHG emissions, including Scope 3, from procurement, capital goods and the fuel and electricity purchased upstream vs 2017, Scopes 3.1, 3.2, 3.3.A, 3.3.B, 3.3.C (132 Mt CO 2 eq.) -32.5% -35% -35% -38%

NATURE TARGETS

Environment - Percentage of activities with an environmental plan established in consultation with stakeholders 100% 85 % 76 % 66 %

Biodiversity – Percentage of all the Group's industrial activities where ecological site management has been introduced, particularly without using chemical phytosanitary products 100% 68% 63 % 58 %

Reduction in f reshwater consumption per energy produced (m 3 /MWh) 0.1 0.19 0.24 0.28

Percent reduction in NO x emissions vs. 2017 (92,209 t) -75% -75% -75% -63%

Air pollutants

Percent reduction in SO x emissions vs. 2017 (159,623 t) -98% -97% -98% -95%

Percent reduction in total particulate matter emissions vs. 2017 (7,353 t) -60% -54% -64% -54%

☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). Three-year average of GHG emissions from energy production, Scopes 1 and 3.15 at end-2025: 49 Mt CO 2 eq. and three-year average of the share of renewable capacity in the Group's power generation capacity (at 100%) at end-2025: 45%. (1) All Climate Objectives are described in Section 3.1.2.1 Climate change. (2) Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based) GHG emissions veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (3) Including decentralized electricity capacity. From 2024 onwards, the metric consolidated gross capacity data for the Renewables & Flex Power GBU’s wind and solar assets, and net capacity data for the Group's other assets, in order to better re˸ect the operating constraints. (4) In 2025, the Group revised its objective of decarbonizing non-energy purchases to extend the initiatives implemented with its suppliers to include an increasingly large share of the carbon footprint of purchases. (5) SBT (Science Based Targets): an international initiative to scienti˶cally validate companies' GHG reduction programs in line with Paris Agreement commitments (see Section 3.1.2.1 Climate change). (6) Application from 2024 of a change in methodology to be consistent with market practices by reducing the thermal-to-electric energy conversion coef˶cient from 0.61 to 1.

[Page 41] Presentation of the Group

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance

The share of renewable capacity in the electricity generation mix was 50%, up from 2024 (43%), in line with the Group's strategy to develop its renewable electricity production capacity.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The CO 2 emissions avoided for customers thanks to the Group's offers and services in 2025 (31 Mt CO 2 eq. avoided) declined compared with 2024 (36 Mt CO 2 eq.). This change is linked to the methodological clari ˱cation introduced in 2025 which provides that only green sales backed by guarantees of origin are taken into account in this metric.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GHG emissions from energy generation (45 Mt CO 2 eq.) were down in 2025 compared to 2024 (48 Mt CO 2 eq.). They break down into 20.8 Mt for emissions from controlled assets (Scope 1) and 24.6 Mt for emissions from assets consolidated by the equity method (Scope 3.15). This decrease is mainly due to the Group's total or partial disposal of thermal assets at the end of 2024 and in 2025: mainly SAFI and UCH. Engie sold 15.66% of its initial 33% stake in the SAFI coal- ˱red power plant in Morocco in January 2025, in line with the implementation of its coal divestment strategy. This asset was therefore been removed from the scope of the Group's equity-accounted assets at the start of 2025. Engie also sold the two Uch combined-cycle power plants in Pakistan in 2025. At the end of 2025, the Group had stopped producing energy from coal in continental Europe, in line with its objective.

The percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE reached 51% at end-2025. The Group amended this metric in 2025 to broaden the scope of the decarbonization initiatives implemented with its suppliers to cover an increasingly large share of the carbon footprint of the Group's purchasing.

GHG emissions relating to fuel sales (Scope 3) amounted to 74 Mt CO 2 eq. in 2025, a decrease compared to 2024 (82 Mt) linked to the decrease in volumes sold.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PEOPLE METRICS 2030 targets

2025 results

2024 results 2023 results

Health & safety Lost Time Injury Rate (1) for employees, temporary workers and (sub)contractors 1.5 1.7 1.7 1.8

Fatality rate (1) 0 per year 0.003 0.009 0.019

Gender diversity Percentage of women in management positions ☐☐ [40%-60%] 33% 32% 31%

W/M equity Gender pay gap <2% 1.57% 1.85% 1.92%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Apprenticeships Proportion of apprentices in the workforce on permanent and ˱xed-term contracts in France excluding regulated entities GRDF and NaTran >10% 7 .3% 8.3% 8.5%

Training Percentage of staff trained each year 100% 90% 95 % 86%

Responsible procurement Responsible procurement ratio (excluding energy purchases): CSR assessment and inclusive procurement 100 79 59 54

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Fraud and corruption prevention Percentage of employees most exposed to corruption risk who received training >95% 88 % 84 % 68 %

Stakeholder engagement Percentage of activities with a societal plan for consultation with stakeholders 100% 85% 54 % 49%

☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (1) Calculated per million hours worked.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The pay equity metric, which measures the gender pay gap, will reach 1.57% in 2025, up from 1.85% in 2024. The objective for 2030 was set at a maximum difference of 2% at the Group level. This metric follows on from the EgaPro index and enables the Group to use a clearer international metric.

The total Lost Time Injury Rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors stood at 1.7 in 2025, remaining stable compared with 2024. In 2024, this indicator was extended to subcontractors and temporary workers working for the Group, with a more ambitious goal for the 2030 target, revised from 1.8 to 1.5 in 2024.

All the Environmental, Social and Governance metrics are included in the Sustainability Statement presented in Section 3.1.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The proportion of women in management was 33% in 2025, up compared with 2024 (32%). This improvement is the result of the continued effects of the internal programs dedicated to the Group's cultural transformation in terms of welcoming and retaining female talent, thereby accelerating and supporting the promotion of gender equality.

[Page 42] Presentation of the Group

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance

1.6.3 ESG ratings

ENGIE's ESG performance was once again recognized in 2025.

The Group is included in the Dow Jones Best‑In‑Class World Index and Europe Index, CAC 40 ESG, CAC 40 Governance, MSCI Europe ESG Enhanced Focus CTB, and MSCI World ESG Enhanced Focus CTB.

The Group received high scores in ESG performance, placing it well above the average of the benchmarks used by various agencies.

The main ratings concerned are:

• S&P Global rating agency: 81/100, up 8 points ;

• Sustainalytics rating agency: ESG risk moved from high to medium with a rating of 21.8, an improvement of 8.4 points;

• MSCI rating agency: stable AA rating with a score of 7.6/10;

Finally, ENGIE also completes the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) questionnaires every year. The Group was rated A- (the same as in 2024) following its answers to the CDP Climate questionnaire. In terms of the protection of water resources, the Group was rated A- (stable compared with 2024) following its answers to the CDP Water questionnaire. The Group was rated B (stable compared to 2024) for its efforts on sustainable management of wood resources, following its answers to the CDP Forest questionnaire.

• Sustainable Fitch rating agency: rating of 2 with a score of 68/100, up 3 points;

• ISS ESG agency: BPrime rating with a performance score of 55.95/100, up 1.19 points;

• EcoVadis agency: 74/100, up 1 point.

Moody’s also assessed the Group’s carbon neutrality pathway and assigned it an NZ-2 rating (the same as in 2024) on a ˱ve-level scale from NZ-1 to NZ-5, with an ambition aligned with a 1.5°C pathway and a “solid” level for implementation of objectives. A summary of the assessment is available below and the full report can be accessed on the Moody's website: http://www.moodys.com / researchdocumentcontentpage.aspx?docid=PBC_1456119.

[Page 43] Presentation of the Group

Property, plant and equipment

1.7 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As of December 31, 2025, the Group operated electricity power plants, natural gas terminals and storage facilities in over 32 countries.

The Group owns or leases a signi ˱cant amount of industrial real estate around the world. Many Group activities involve operating very large plants that the Group only partially owns.

The tables below show the main facilities currently in operation, either wholly or partially owned by the Group. Leased properties are covered in Notes 21 and 22 to Section 6.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements.

POWER PLANTS (CAPACITY > 400 MW EXCLUDING UNITS UNDER CONSTRUCTION)

Country Site/plant Total capacity (1) (MW) Type of plant

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Australia Pelican Point 489 Natural gas

Amercœur 446 Natural gas

Coo 1,089 Hydraulic pumping

Doel 1,026 Nuclear

Drogenbos 466 Natural gas and batteries

Belgium

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Flémalle 875 Natural gas

Herdersbrug 480 Natural gas

Tihange 1,030 Nuclear

Zandvliet 419 Natural gas

Assurua 846 Wind

Assú Sol 753 Solar

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Campo Largo 688 Wind

Cana Brava 439 Hydropower

Estreito 1,068 Hydropower

Ita 1,442 Hydropower

Brazil

Jaguara 413 Hydropower

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Jirau 3,675 Hydropower

Machadinho 1,135 Hydropower

Miranda 404 Hydropower

Salto Osòrio 1,098 Hydropower

Salto Santiago 1,415 Hydropower

Santo Agostinho 434 Wind

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Chile Mejillones 901 Coal- ˱red and natural gas

Tocopilla 527 Natural gas, batteries and fuel oil-˱red

Egypt Red Sea Wind Energy 654 Wind

CombiGolfe 444 Natural gas

CyCoFos 416 Natural gas

France

DK6 (Dunkirk) 788 Natural gas and steelworks gas-˱red plant

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Génissiat 423 Hydropower

Montoir-de-Bretagne 469 Natural gas

Torre Valdaliga 1,134 Natural gas

Italy

Vado Ligure 782 Natural gas

Voghera 403 Natural gas

Netherlands Eems 1,938 Natural gas and wind-powered

Flevo 909 Natural gas and solar-powered

Barka 2 674 Natural gas

Barka 3 737 Natural gas

Oman

Sohar 1 405 Natural gas

Sohar 2 737 Natural gas

[Page 44] Presentation of the Group

Property, plant and equipment

Country Site/plant Total capacity (1) (MW) Type of plant

Chilca 936 Natural gas and batteries

Peru

ILO Nodo 613 Fuel-oil ˱red

ILO 31 497 Fuel-oil ˱red

Bemposta I&II 443 Hydropower

Portugal

Elecgas 839 Natural gas

Picote I&II 440 Hydropower

Puerto Rico Ecoelectrica 534 Natural gas

Qatar Ras Laffan B 1,025 Natural gas

Ras Laffan C 2,730 Natural gas

Fadhili 1,496 Natural gas

Ju'aymah 468 Natural gas

Mara˱q 2,744 Natural gas

Saudi Arabia

Riyadh PP11 1,729 Natural gas

Shedgum 468 Natural gas

Uthmaniyah 468 Natural gas

South Africa Avon 667 Fuel-oil ˱red

Spain Cartagena 1,199 Natural gas

Castelnou 791 Natural gas

Fujairah F2 2,000 Natural gas

Mirfa 1,600 Natural gas

Shuweihat 1 1,500 Natural gas

United Arab Emirates

Shuweihat 2 1,496 Natural gas

Taweelah 1,590 Natural gas

Umm Al Nar 1,532 Natural gas

First Hydro 2,088 Hydraulic pumping

United Kingdom

Moray East 953 Offshore wind

Moray West 882 Offshore wind

(1) Capacity of assets held by ENGIE, all of which are taken into account irrespective of the real ownership percentage.

NATURAL GAS UNDERGROUND STORAGE (>550 MM 3 OF TOTAL USEFUL STORAGE VOLUME (1) )

Country Location Total useful storage (in Mm 3 ) (1)

France Gournay-sur-Aronde (Oise) 1,310

France Germigny-sous-Coulombs (Seine-et-Marne) 820

France Saint-Illiers-la-Ville (Yvelines) 690

France Chémery (Loir-et-Cher) 3,690

France Céré-la-Ronde (Indre-et-Loire) 570

France Étrez (Ain) 690

France Cerville (Meurthe-et-Moselle) 590

Germany Uelsen 860

(1) Useful storage volume held by ENGIE, all of which is taken into account irrespective of the real ownership percentage.

LNG TERMINALS

Country Location Total regasi ˱cation capacity (Gm 3 (n)/per annum) (1)

France Montoir-de-Bretagne 10

France Tonkin (Fos-sur-Mer) 1.5

France Cavaou (Fos-sur-Mer) 10

Chile Mejillones 2.0

(1) Capacity of assets held by ENGIE, all of which are taken into account irrespective of the real ownership percentage.

[Page 45] RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

2.1 Risk management process 45

2.3 Internal control procedures 62

2.1.1 Enterprise risk management policy 45

2.3.1 Internal control objectives 62

2.1.2 Crisis management 45

2.3.2 Internal control organization and stakeholders 62

2.1.3 Risk and insurance coverage 46

2.3.3 Internal control relating to ˱nancial information 64

2.2 Risk factors 47

2.3.4 Internal control oversight 65

2.2.1 Political and regulatory risks 47

2.2.2 Risks deriving from climate and environmental matters 49

2.2.3 Economic and competition risks 51

2.2.4 Financial risks 52

2.2.5 Operational risks 55

2.2.6 Social and societal risks 58

2.2.7 Risks relating to nuclear activities 60

[Page 46] Risk factors and internal control

The material, speci ˱c risks to which the Group is exposed, based on its own assessment, are described below. They are divided into seven categories:

• political and regulatory risks;

• operational risks;

• risks deriving from climate and environmental issues;

• social and societal risks;

• economic and competition risks;

• risks relating to nuclear activities.

• ˱nancial risks;

The risks presented have been assessed and prioritized on a “net risk” basis. In other words, the risks are quanti ˱ed after taking into account the mitigations put in place to manage them.

The summary table below covers the most signi˱cant risks in each category, classi˱ed in decreasing order of criticality (probabilized impact).

Risk category Risks Change (versus 2024)

Criticality

Risk of State intervention and regulatory changes in a context of political uncertainty

Political and regulatory risks

Risk of a downward trend in the return on gas distribution, transport, storage and regasi ˱cation assets in France

Risk of a change in the noticeable effects of climate change affecting energy demand and generation

Risks deriving from climate and environmental matters

Risk of a change in the noticeable effects of climate change impacting asset availability and performance

Economic and competition risks

Risk of adaptation or development of business models due to the energy transition

Commodities market risk

Counterparty risk

Financial risks

Pension funding risk

Supply risk for the construction of renewable energy plants and electricity storage capacity

Operational risks

Cybersecurity

Risk of industrial accident

Risks related to human resources

Social and societal risks

Risks associated with health & safety at work

Risks relating to nuclear activities Risks relating to nuclear activities

Criticality: Low Medium High

Change in criticality: Lower Stable Higher

The geopolitical environment in the Middle East continues to be marked by a strong uncertainty. The Group is closely monitoring the situation and remains alert to potential impacts on the safety of its employees, partners, third-party contractors and subcontractors, the continuity of its businesses and projects, and its ˱nancial exposure. The Group uses a vigilance framework, which was reinforced during the 2022 crisis, and will adapt its risk management measures as necessary depending on how the situation evolves.

Other, less signi ˱cant risks or risks unknown to date could also affect the Group. If these risks were to materialize, they could have a material negative impact on the Group's business, ˱nancial position and earnings, image and outlook, and/or on the ENGIE share price. Certain risks that are critical for the Group are listed in the following sections but are not expanded on as they are either not speci˱c to ENGIE or are already covered in detail in Section 3.1 Sustainability Statement, in accordance with European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). They are identi˱ed using a pictogram [ESRS] and presented in the concordance table in Section 3.1.5 Appendices.

This information is not included in the management report approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2026.

[Page 47] Risk factors and internal control

Risk management process

2.1 RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

2.1.1 Enterprise risk management policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Risk analysis and coordination of action plans are performed in collaboration with all the Group's divisions and are subject to an additional review alongside the Group's four Global Business Units (GBU).

The Group has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) policy, the principles of which are consistent with professional standards (including ISO (1) 31000 and the Federation of European Risk Management Associations). The policy sets out ENGIE's ambition to “manage its risks in order to ensure its performance”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group's Enterprise Risk Management Policy applies to the Group's businesses and controlled entities, while observing the governance rules that apply to each entity.

Each year, the Group's ERM process begins with a prior-year risk review by the Executive Committee. An ERM campaign is then launched across the Group, setting out guidelines for risk management throughout the year. It results in a new Group risk review that is presented to the Executive Committee, and then to the Audit Committee. After examining the review, the Audit Committee gives its opinion on the effectiveness of the risk management framework to the Board of Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This policy promotes risk-taking at a reasonable level from a legal perspective, which is acceptable to generally held public opinion and economically viable. It stipulates that all managers are Risk Managers. Generally, the Management Committees of Group entities are the main bodies that determine the actions to be taken to manage risks, except when a speci ˱c risk committee is created, such as for energy market risk or ethical risk.

The acknowledgment of risks reported by the operating entities and functional departments is supplemented by interviews with managers, an analysis of publications by external analysts and a review of major events (see Section 3.1.1.5 Risk management process and internal control of the Sustainability Statement).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Head of Risk Management and Insurance is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of the risk management framework. He/she coordinates the designated Chief Risk Of˱cers of each of the operating entities and Corporate Functions. These Chief Risk Of˱cers assess the entity or Function's overall risk exposure and ensure that risk mitigation plans are implemented.

2.1.2 Crisis management

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As part of a continuous improvement process, each Group entity carries out at least one crisis drill per year across an appropriate scope that meets regulatory requirements. Speci˱c training is also available to internal stakeholders involved in crisis management.

The ENGIE Group has structured a global crisis management system, built to respond to the occurrence of all types of exceptional situations that could affect its operations, employees, customers and partners. This system, deployed at each level of the Group, guarantees that an effective warning system is in place, along with a major incident escalation process.

The level of maturity of the system is assessed annually through a structured self-assessment based on an internal control framework. Peer reviews are carried out on a panel of entities to con˱rm the assessments and share best practices.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A consolidated annual report is presented to the Group's management, summarizing the lessons learned from events, drills and assessments, and identifying the improvement actions to be taken in coordination with all entities.

When a critical event occurs, an analysis of the situation is carried out by a local duty of ˱cer who may, when necessary, set up a locally run crisis unit and inform the senior duty of˱cer. Crisis units can also be set up at a higher level to provide operational or methodological support to the entity concerned, or to ensure the strategic decision-making necessary for the overall management of the situation. Decisions are made at the most appropriate level of the organization, according to the principle of subsidiarity, to ensure swift, consistent and effective action.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Despite the robustness of this system, it cannot eliminate the possibility of a crisis disrupting the Group's activities and operations. Similarly, it does not guarantee the absence of any impacts on the Group or its external stakeholders.

To ensure that critical activities are not disrupted and that operations can be rapidly restored, business and information systems continuity and recovery plans are drawn up and updated for the crisis scenarios deemed a priority by the Group and its entities.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 48] Risk factors and internal control

Risk management process

2.1.3 Risk and insurance coverage

ENGIE's Risk Management and Insurance Department is responsible for preparing, establishing and managing insurance programs with regard to asset protection (against property damage and ˱nancial losses), personal insurance, third-party claims (civil liability), motor insurance and loss prevention.

For each of these areas:

However, the Group could, in certain cases, be required to pay out sizable compensation not covered by the current insurance program or could incur very high costs that its insurance policies do not reimburse or reimburse partially. Although the Group has excellent insurance coverage, speci˱cally with regard to civil liability and environmental risks, it could be held liable beyond the maximum insured amount or for events not covered (primarily due to standard insurance exclusions).

• the amounts insured depend on the ˱nancial risks resulting from potential claim scenarios and coverage conditions offered by the market (available capacities and price conditions);

• ˱nancing is optimized: low or moderate severity risks are covered by self-insurance plans, through deductibles and retentions or through the use of the Group's reinsurance company whose commitments represent a maximum estimated loss of approximately 0.35% of the Group's 2025 revenues on a cumulative basis.

2.1.3.1 Civil liability

A civil liability insurance program for corporate of ˱cers and executives covers ENGIE, its subsidiaries and Group representatives within its equity holdings.

A general third party liability insurance program (including for environmental damage) has been taken out for all the subsidiaries for a global limit of up to €625 million. The program predominantly provides coverage from the ˱rst euro or coverage for amounts in excess of the underlying coverage taken out by certain entities (usually up to USD 50 million).

2.1.3.2 Nuclear civil liability

€1.2 billion per accident. Beyond this limit, the signatory countries to the conventions have set up a supplementary compensation system.

As an operator of nuclear units in Doel and Tihange, Electrabel's civil liability is governed by the Paris and Brussels Conventions (the 2004 protocols to amend said conventions came into force on January 1, 2022), which aim to ensure that victims receive compensation and to encourage solidarity among signatory countries, and by the Belgian Act of July 22, 1985 (amended by the Acts of June 29, 2014, and December 7, 2016).

The nuclear civil liability insurance program taken out by Electrabel on January 1, 2025, on the insurance market, complies with the revised Paris and Brussels Conventions and with Belgian national law requiring the operator to provide ˱nancial guarantees or to take out civil liability insurance for up to €1.2 billion.

This liability falls exclusively on the operator of the facility where the nuclear accident occurs. In return for this strictly objective liability, the amount of compensation is capped at

2.1.3.3 Property damage

Insurance covering business interruption and increased cost of working is taken out based on each risk analysis and in consideration of existing contingency plans.

Construction projects are covered by “Erection All Risks” insurance programs taken out by the owner or operator, project manager or main contractor.

The Group's entities bene ˱t from property insurance covering the facilities that they own, lease or manage on behalf of third parties, with the exception of gas transmission and distribution network pipelines and heat networks in France. The main programs provide coverage based either on the replacement value or on contractual limits per loss event. In the latter case, the limits are set on the basis of major scenarios estimated in accordance with insurance market rules and available offers (cost and capacity).

2.1.3.4 Employee protection programs

The operating entities develop programs covering employees against the risk of accidents and for medical expenses, in accordance with legislation in effect and pursuant to company agreements.

[Page 49] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2 RISK FACTORS

2.2.1 Political and regulatory risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group is aware of the structural and economic risk factors that affect the energy sector. These risks are all analyzed and assessed as part of strategic planning processes that allow the Group to anticipate certain changes in the external environment and prepare for them. The Group's research and innovation roadmap and organization also help to deal with strategic developments (see Section 1.4 Research and innovation).

2.2.1.1 Risk of State intervention and regulatory changes in a context of political uncertainty

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Criticality: Risk trend: Increase

DESCRIPTION RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Amidst ongoing instability and political uncertainty in certain geographic areas, government intervention in the roadmaps and market mechanisms of the energy sector is increasing.

In France, with regard to the post-ARENH market framework, ENGIE publicly stressed the importance of extending the powers of the regulatory commission, the French energy regulator (CRE), to ensure that the wholesale market functions properly. With regard to the retail market and consumer protection, the Group has demonstrated its full compliance with the quality care de˱ned by the CRE and remains ready to answer any other questions.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In France, besides growing obligations in terms of energy saving certi ˱cates (CEE), the replacement of the ARENH mechanism by a universal nuclear payment (VNU) still makes it dif˱cult to model regulated tariffs (TRV) and consequently continues to have an impact on the positioning of ENGIE's commercial offerings in the country. Furthermore, the lack of visibility concerning the terms of the ˱rst auctions under the new thermal capacity remuneration mechanism (CRM) could affect the ˱nancial and operating performance of the Group's ˳exible generation activities.

With regard to the requirements to incorporate biomethane (CPB) or to carry out energy ef˱ciency operations (CEE) in the country, the Group remains involved with the regulatory and supervisory authorities in order to inform the authorities with a view to ensuring balanced market conditions. The compatibility of the CPB mechanism with the ETS-2 (carbon “tax” applied to mobility and housing), whose application has been postponed to 2028, is also a point of attention.

More broadly in Europe, the proliferation and tightening of ˱nancial regulations (MIFID 2, Emissions Trading System 2 (ETS), EMIR, REMIT) are constraining energy management operations in this region.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

More broadly, the Group continues to closely monitor the transposition in France of various elements of European law relating to energy, in particular the regulation reforming the electricity market, and the directive on renewables, known as “RED 3”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In Europe, the Group continues to work with the various national regulators and with the European authorities (Commission), where the measures stem from EU texts, to ensure better consistency between regulatory proposals and their objectives and with the aim of alerting them to speci˱c implementation issues.

Outside Europe, in Brazil in particular, ENGIE is exposed to changes in the regulation of the country's electricity markets, such as the adjustment of subsidies or the introduction of new tax charges. With regard to the Brazilian gas market, whose legislation is currently being harmonized between countries with a view to opening it up, the main risk for ENGIE's gas transmission subsidiary (TAG) relates to the planned transport system “bypass” project (direct connection of energy sources to local energy distributors or to end-consumers). This may reduce the capacity of the gas transported, leading to an increase in tariffs and the risk of a multiplication in “bypass” demands.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In Brazil, the Group continues to offer its experience in market design to local institutions, notably through its participation in the formal process of transforming the local system. Other companies involved in electricity production or gas transmission, which are also affected by potential changes in regulations, share the Group's opinion and are taking action to ensure regulatory neutrality or even to foster favorable developments in regulations.

The Group continues to closely monitor regulatory and legislative reforms in Brazil to anticipate them as effectively as possible and set up measures to limit any negative impact on the pro˱tability of its businesses.

The current objective for the gas transmission activity is to avoid the various “bypass” projects and to obtain the clear de˱nition of the legal rules in the new law.

In terms of tax regulation, the Brazilian tax system remains complex and could potentially evolve. There are a number of ongoing disputes concerning the application of taxes. Settling these disputes could take several years (see Note 23.1.4 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements). At the end of December 2024, the general framework for federal, state and municipal VAT was approved, with a phasing-in scheduled until 2033. Further tax changes are on the way, with the introduction of a withholding tax on dividends paid to non-resident shareholders, as stipulated in the new law No. 15.270 of November 26, 2025, published in the of˱cial bulletin on November 27. Under this new law, which comes into force on January 1, 2026, a tax rate of 10% is applicable to certain non-resident bene˱ciaries in addition to certain Brazilian bene˱ciaries. This new tax could affect the Group's competitiveness in this country.

To do so, TAG and the Group are participating in public debates with various stakeholders and closely following the implementation of the new legal framework at both federal and local level.

[Page 50] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

DESCRIPTION RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Elsewhere, in Australia, the rehabilitation plan for the former Hazelwood mine still has to be examined by the local government. This delay could affect the project’s deadlines and budgets.

TAG ˱led complaints with the tax authorities on October 21 and December 20, 2024. As provided for in the tax legislation, ˱ling a complaint suspends the applicability of the above-mentioned tax liabilities and does not involve any ˱nancial payment.

2.2.1.2 Risk of a downward trend in the return on gas distribution, transport, storage and regasi ˱cation assets in France

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURE

The Group is in discussions with the CRE regarding the tariff review system, which enables ˳uent dialogue with all stakeholders.

In addition to introducing measures to develop the production of green gas (1) and ensuring it is competitive in the long term, the Group continues to uphold:

• positions to ensure the country's supply security;

Tariffs for access to gas networks (distribution, transport, storage, regasi ˱cation terminals) in France are regulated. The tariffs are ˱xed by the French Energy Regulatory Commission (Commission de régulation de l'énergie – CRE), which may change their level and structure if deemed justi˱ed, particularly in view of ˱nancial market trends and foreseeable changes in operating and investment costs. These tariffs also include performance incentives. In most cases, they are reviewed every four years, following a public consultation process and public hearings.

• a fair return on assets that is adapted to the new shortand long-term economic environment;

• the adequate coverage of its costs in order to maintain a high standard of service and to enable the necessary investments for the energy transition;

The transmission, storage and distribution tariffs (ATRT8, ATS3 and ATRD7) apply until 2028. New tariffs for regasi˱cation activities (ATTM 7) have been in force since April 1, 2025, and are applicable for a period of four years. These new tariffs, approved by the CRE on January 9, 2025, are in line with previous tariffs (ATTM6).

• the recognition of the ˳exibility provided by the gas system to the energy system and its valuation. It also strives to enhance its performance in order to establish a competitive tariff trajectory.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 51] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.2 Risks deriving from climate and environmental matters

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Issues associated with soil pollution are speci ˱cally being monitored (see Section 3.1.2.2.2). Provisions are made for these issues in the ˱nancial statements when sites are dismantled and rehabilitated (see Note 17.3 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

The Group's businesses are exposed to numerous rules and regulations relating to respecting and protecting the environment and persons and to the energy transition. The risk of adapting business models due to the energy transition in a context of increased competition in certain Group businesses is presented in Section 2.2.3.1.

Risks related to climate and environmental matters are discussed in greater detail in Chapter 3.1 Sustainability Statement [ESRS 2-SBM] .

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2.2.2.1 Risk of a change in the noticeable effects of climate change affecting energy demand and generation

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Changes in the Group's asset production

To adjust supply to ˳uctuations in annual demand, ENGIE:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• optimizes its portfolio of assets, its gas resources (by load-matching (1) its supplies and managing its underground storage) and its power generation ˳eet (see Section 1.2.1);

• harmonizes energy demand projections with the impact of climate change for the various GBU through the medium-term business plan process (see Section 3.1.2.1).

While renewable energies (solar, wind and hydropower) are essential to building a decarbonized system, they remain the energies that are most affected by the physical impacts of climate change. In the regions where ENGIE operates, hydropower generation is the most exposed technology, due to the strong ˳uctuations in annual and infra-annual production expected between now and 2050.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in energy demand

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The impact of climate change on demand is re ˳ected in a change in heating and cooling requirements. While heating requirements are set to decline, cooling requirements are expected to increase over the coming decades. The analysis of chronic trends in energy production and demand is based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)'s RCP 4.5 (central scenario) and RCP 8.5 (stress test (1) ) scenarios of the IPCC.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 52] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.2.2 Risk of a change in the noticeable effects of climatic events impacting asset availability and performance

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Integrity of facilities

ENGIE has implemented actions at both strategic and operational levels to mobilize all of the Group's stakeholders on the subject and anticipate the impacts of climate change on existing sites as well as new projects:

• the inclusion of climate risk in the Group's geographic and technological portfolio selection criteria at local and national levels;

• climate risk analysis and the implementation of adaptation plans where necessary for all new projects (Business Development process);

Asset integrity may be affected by an increase in the number of extreme events. The Group is working to increase its resilience to climate change. The main metrics are heat waves, heat stress, water stress, ˳oods, extreme winds, landslides, wild˱res and coastal erosion. The sensitivity of ENGIE's various technologies to these risks has been assessed with the Group's operational experts. Analyses are carried out on exposure to different degrees of warming (+1.5°C, +2°C, +3°C and +4°C), depending on the asset termination dates (see ESRS 2 IRO-1 20 b).

Supply chain for goods and services

• identi ˱cation of existing sites at risk from climate change and monitoring of the implementation of adaptation measures (Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) adaptation process);

• harmonization of energy demand projections with the impact of climate change for the various GBU through the medium-term business plan process;

• annual monitoring of material damage occurring at ENGIE sites.

In addition to ENGIE's own assets, climate change will impact all the players and networks in the ecosystem in which the Group operates. This impact may be global (worldwide disruptions to the supply chains for fuels and products such as solar panels or wind turbines) or local (blockage of access roads to a site due to a storm, disturbance of the electricity grid onto which a site injects its production, etc.).

[Page 53] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.3 Economic and competition risks

2.2.3.1 Risk of adaptation or development of business models due to the energy transition

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

DESCRIPTION

The energy transition, further intensi ˱ed by the French political and international geopolitical environments and their economic rami˱cations, continues to bring about changes in the businesses in which the Group operates.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To meet these current and future challenges and adjust its business model, the Group continues to promote its energy transition scenario for Europe by 2050 and to anchor the key associated convictions (see also Section 3.1 Sustainability Statement [ESRS 2-SBM] ):

In energy markets, competition continues to grow and evolve, with players increasingly active across the entire value chain (oil companies, digital start-ups, etc.).

• the alliance between the electron and the molecule to help making the energy transition a success;

• the signi ˱cant development of electric renewable energy;

• the anticipation, upstream, of ˳exibility needs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition, the Group has continued to strengthen, with French public bodies (particularly in the framework of the guidelines of energy regulations) and the European authorities, its actions to promote natural gas as indispensable to the acceleration and achievement of a resilient and affordable energy transition in various areas.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Regarding the adaptation of some of the Group's activities, the publication in February 2026 of the third French MultiAnnual Energy Plan (PPE 3) con˱rms the decarbonization of energy consumption from natural gas, in particular through greater biomethane production and the continuation of an increasing trajectory of biomethane production certi˱cates returned by suppliers (see Note 17.3.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements). In addition, the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (EPBD) does not ban boilers, particularly those fueled by low-carbon gas, but it continues to call for potential measures that are unfavorable to gas boilers. This vision brings with it a number of risks, particularly for the energy system and for GRDF's natural gas distribution business, which could see a decline in the number of customers using natural gas.

Upstream, with regard to the development of biomethane, the Group is accelerating the industrial scale-up of this activity in France and strengthening its expansion in Europe. ENGIE also continues to work on the development of second-generation biomethane production using biomass pyrogasi˱cation, and on the competitiveness of green gases more generally.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Downstream, the Group's transport and distribution networks operated by independent subsidiaries are continuing to adapt their infrastructure to allow the delivery of biomethane to customers at the lowest cost in parallel with existing infrastructure conversion projects for the transport of green hydrogen (1) and the improvement of injection conditions in the networks. The Group is also continuing to rebalance its portfolio of networks in terms of technologies, electricity infrastructure (ongoing construction and operation of high-voltage lines) and geographic footprint (e.g., Brazil and Chile).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In terms of development, particularly in the United States, the orders adopted by the US administration since January 2025, designed to prohibit the deployment of offshore wind power through the Ocean Winds joint venture, could limit the Group's investments in this country. This slowdown also concerns the scope and scale of ENGIE's development in other renewable energies, particularly onshore wind power, in response to the unfavorable stance of the US administration and, ultimately, the reduced ˱nancial bene˱t of the In˳ation Reduction Act (see Section 1.3.1.3). In terms of assets under development or already developed by the Group, their exposure to the risk has been substantially reduced by the order adopted by the US Treasury in August 2025, clarifying the conditions of application of the Safe Harbor provision.

Finally, ENGIE is continuing to pursue its strategy of investing in renewable energies – including offshore wind power – in other geographic areas.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 54] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.4 Financial risks

2.2.4.1 Commodities market risk

Criticality: Risk trend: Decrease

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The market risk exposure of the various entities not hedged by long-term contracts is managed according to strategies de ˱ned in the risk mandates, mainly over the period covered by the budget and medium-term business plan. Through a Group policy, ENGIE has implemented a speci˱c governance process to manage these risks, based on:

• the general principle of segregation of risk management and risk control duties;

• a Group-level Energy Market Risks Committee that is responsible for validating the risk mandates of each of the operating entities and monitoring consolidated exposure;

The Group is chie ˳y exposed to two kinds of energy commodity market risk: price risk directly related to ˳uctuating market prices or spreads between market prices (for example: basis risk in nodal markets, due to congestion risk such as in the United States) and volume risk (intermittent weather conditions, economic activity, etc.) mainly in Europe (Belgium, France, Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, etc.), the United States, Australia and South America (Brazil, Chile, etc.). The Group is exposed to these risks, particularly with regard to gas, electricity including capacity certi˱cates (CRM – Capacity Remuneration Mechanism) (1) , CO 2 and other products related to the energy transition (Guarantees of Origin, green certi ˱cates, energy savings certi˱cates) (see Note 15.1.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

• annual de ˱nition and regular monitoring of market and liquidity risk mandates at different levels within the Group, with a “watch out” process;

Exposure to price risk is concentrated on nuclear drawing rights in France, on thermal gas assets (Europe, Australia), on part of electricity storage assets (Europe, United States, Australia), on hydropower assets (Europe, Brazil) and on onshore wind and solar power assets (Spain, France, United States).

• the centralization, within the S&EM entity, of liquidity risk management associated with margin calls and wholesale market interventions to cover market and liquidity risks;

• continuous coordination of local knowledge to limit the risk within the Group; and

• a speci ˱c control functional line coordinated by the Finance Department.

The Group uses market instruments including derivatives to implement its hedging strategy and offer its customers risk management tools.

Part of its electricity production activity, particularly outside Europe, is covered against price risk by long-term Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) or Corporate PPAs (CPPA) in renewable electricity production activities which structurally reduce exposure to market prices over the term of these contracts. In the case of renewable electricity generation, including offshore wind power, the exposure also relates to risks associated with the intermittent nature of renewables. Some electricity storage assets are hedged by long-term contracts on their capacity certi˱cates (Belgium).

Electricity and gas sales activities are hedged as close to sales as possible to limit pricing and volume risks.

With regard to the liquidity impacts of the risk, the Group has a monitoring process for margin calls at the S&EM level in particular, and uses instruments aimed at reducing volatility (see Note 15.3 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

Market risks are assessed by evaluating their impact on EBIT. Accordingly, the main risk indicators for managing the energy portfolios include sensitivity to unit price changes, EBIT at Risk, portfolio hedging ratios and stress tests based on prede˱ned adverse scenarios. For trading activities, and in accordance with market standards, risk indicators include sensitivities, Value at Risk (VaR) (1) , loss limits (drawdowns) and stress tests (see Note 15.1.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 55] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.4.2 Counterparty risk

Criticality: Risk trend: Increase

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The ˱nancial soundness of customers is assessed before contracts are signed, using the same methods and tools across the entire Group.

Due to its ˱nancial and operational activities, the Group is exposed to the risk of default by its counterparties (customers, suppliers, partners, intermediaries and banks) – see Note 15.2 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These risks are managed via contracts and framework agreements that use standard mechanisms such as thirdparty guarantees, netting agreements and margin calls, or through dedicated hedging instruments. The operational activities may also involve prepayments or suitable recovery procedures, especially for retail customers.

The impact of this may be felt in terms of payment (non‑payment for services or deliveries made), delivery (non-delivery of supplies or services that have been paid for), assets (loss of ˱nancial investments) or loss of earnings in the event of customer bankruptcy or additional costs in the event of supplier default.

Lastly, the observed increase in the risk of default by the Group's counterparties has prompted it to:

• strengthen its monitoring of arrears;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• take into account, when assessing its expected credit losses, forward-looking information concerning economic sectors considered as the most sensitive to the economic and geopolitical crisis.

This risk is kept high by several factors: The trade war instigated by the United States relative to additional customs duties, which is penalizing energy-intensive sectors, particularly heavy industry (chemicals, steel, automotive); the deterioration in the economic environment in certain regions; and the con˳icts in the Middle East and Ukraine.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The development of green offers through corporate PPAs over longer periods than traditional sales led the Group to tighten its requirements for the rating of these counterparties and the guarantees requested in order to limit the increase in these counterparty risks.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 56] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.4.3 Pension funding risk

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The Group has implemented a policy to hedge pension commitments speci ˱c to each country and to relevant legislation.

A signi ˱cant portion of Group pension commitments and the assets associated with these plans are concentrated in France and in Belgium. Other de˱ned-bene˱t pension plans are mainly located in Europe and Brazil.

Within the scope of the special EGI regime in France, the plan is ˱nanced through the outsourcing of assets within the framework of life insurance contracts. The energy bene˱t in kind granted to employees within the EGI scope during the retirement period is not hedged.

Where possible, the Group favors de˱ned-contribution plans over de˱ned-bene˱t plans. The electricity and gas industries sector (EGI) special pension plan has been closed to new entrants since September 1, 2023. The effects of this closure will only be felt in the long term, given the large number of employees and retirees still covered by this plan.

Note 18 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements details the items measured and recognized.

For the majority of international plans, liabilities are hedged through the funding of pension funds in which the Group strives to play a role in their governance, as far as legislation allows. Investment diversi˱cation also reduces volatility, helping to ensure a positive return in the long term.

The calculation of commitments is estimated via actuarial methods using methodologies, assumptions and models to assess liabilities or determine asset allocations and associated risks that could have a signi˱cant impact on hedging levels and ˱nancing requirements. Hedging levels and ˱nancing requirements vary according to the performance of ˱nancial markets and asset allocations, as well as interest and in˳ation rates and changes in the applicable legal and regulatory framework.

In addition to pension liabilities, there are other signi˱cant commitments related to post-employment bene˱ts and long-term employee bene˱ts. For example, the value of the energy-related bene˱t provided to EGI employees during retirement could see its value increase in a context of high energy prices.

For some plans outside the scope of the EGI, ENGIE may be required to fully or partly ˱nance any difference between the market value of these assets and the hedging levels projected for these plans, or any insuf˱cient return on the assets in relation to the guaranteed average minimum rates.

Finally, the funds are invested in corporate bonds, government bonds and equity markets. Portfolio returns are therefore exposed to trends in these markets.

[Page 57] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.5 Operational risks

2.2.5.1 Supply risk for the construction of renewable energy plants and electricity storage capacity (batteries)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The Group continues to develop different strategies to limit its dependence on key suppliers and supply chain risks:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• by diversifying its supply sources: the Group is working on building partnerships not only with its usual compliant suppliers, but with producers from outside high-risk countries that are located as close as possible to end-users;

Against a global backdrop of energy transition, combined with international geopolitical tensions, low-carbon technology suppliers continue to be in high demand by all energy players. These suppliers are also still impacted by the geographical predominance of manufacturing certain raw materials in regions concerned by economic sanctions and restrictive customs measures.

• by continuous collaboration with suppliers: the Group is strengthening circularity and sustainability well upstream of the value chain;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition, the geographic diversity of equipment prodution and assembly for the construction of renewable energy plants and electricity storage facilities exposes them to the risk of customs duties in addition to high international freight costs.

• by having Group partner EcoVadis monitor its key suppliers. The regular assessment of ethics, environment, sustainable procurement, work and human rights aspects helps ensure the monitoring of suppliers. This assessment is taken into account during the selection of new suppliers;

These different factors may lead to delays in building new renewable energy assets in some countries and regions in which the Group is expanding (Europe, United States), and to budget overruns that may result in customer complaints.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• in the longer term, by improving the technologies used and recycling materials from its old farms via its research centers;

• by participating in several solar and wind power initiatives in the sector to share and improve its risk management practices. At WindEurope, ENGIE is a member of the sectoral initiative managed by EcoVadis to improve the transparency of its supply chain.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Lastly, in 2025 the Renewables and Flex Power GBU strengthened its Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) policy by closely monitoring its suppliers through business reviews, site audits and due diligence carried out by specialized third parties in certain geographic areas.

These measures are also covered by the Group's Vigilance Plan which is presented in Section 3.2 Vigilance Plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 58] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.5.2 Cybersecurity

Criticality: Risk trend: Increase

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The Group constantly adapts its prevention, detection, protection and reaction measures for its IT systems and critical data.

These include:

The use of modern technologies (connected objects, mobility, cloud, collection and analysis of data on digital platforms, digital tools, etc.) exposes the Group to threats of cyber-attacks. The digitalization of administrative processes such as the management of energy production, the supervision of energy services or gas infrastructures could lead, in the event of a cyber-attack, to risks of service interruption or loss of productivity, as well as a potential reputational impact and ˱nes or contractual penalties.

• a Security Operations Center (SOC) in charge of monitoring its critical infrastructures and applications (management and industrial) and detecting incidents. The SOC acts at a global level and is operated jointly with Thalès; it monitors, in particular, the Group's regulatory developments and requirements;

• a cyber incident response team (CERT) guaranteeing an appropriate response to cyber-attacks within the Group and interaction with partner or government organizations such as the French National Information Systems Security Agency;

Cybersecurity risk covers a number of threats such as ransomware attacks (extortion), cyber sabotage of industrial control systems, theft of personal data (from customers for instance) or sensitive information. It also includes attacks on service providers in the supply chain, which could lead to multiple organizations being compromised.

• reinforced controls, in particular two-factor authentication, for access to its internal and cloud platforms;

• intrusion prevention devices on its networks and systems, including in the cloud, as well as encrypting its sensitive data;

In a geopolitical climate shaped by the con˳icts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and by the resulting trade tensions, the risk of a cyber-attack against the energy sector has increased according to the French National Information Systems Security Agency ( Agence nationale française de sécurité des systèmes d'informatio n – ANSSI).

• a program to secure its industrial environments, ˱rst rolled out on its critical infrastructures and since extended to all industrial sites;

In 2025, the growing use of arti ˱cial intelligence will make detecting and responding to cyber-attacks even more complex. For example, we are seeing new scenarios such as data corruption, extraction of sensitive information and the generation of fraudulent content (deepfakes, advanced phishing).

• a cyber risk awareness program including mandatory training in good cybersecurity practices for all employees. This program also takes into account the growing use of arti ˱cial intelligence in modeling training exercises;

• processes for integrating cybersecurity into project phases, notably by including contractual requirements for partners and subcontractors;

In addition, the ongoing digitalization of the Group's activities, the integration of new entities or the creation of joint ventures, the use of subcontractors, as well as the limitation of available cyber insurance coverage, could also contribute to the increase in exposure to this risk, despite the constant progress made by ENGIE in terms of cybersecurity.

• cybersecurity governance and standards aligned with regulations applicable to ENGIE worldwide and in Europe (NIS2, DORA, CRA, AI Act);

• cyber insurance.

Major attacks are managed by speci ˱c cybersecurity incident response management systems, in addition to the Group's crisis management system. Crisis drills are organized on a regular basis, simulating cyber-attacks (such as “ransomware” or “supply chain” attacks) in order to train teams and test system restart procedures. ENGIE also took part in the REMPAR25 cybersecurity exercise organized by ANSSI.

To comply with regulations such as European Regulation No. 2016/679 on the protection of personal data and European Directive No. 2016/1148 on the security of networks and information systems, evaluations are organized on site or for relevant applications. Some Group entities have initiated ISO 27001 certi˱cation procedures for their IT systems.

Organizational, functional, technical and legal cybersecurity measures are subject to permanent controls which include test campaigns (intrusion, social engineering and phishing).

See also Section 3.1.4.3.1 Cybersecurity.

[Page 59] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.5.3 Risk of industrial accident

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The operation of all industrial assets was maintained with the objectives of controlling the related risks and maintaining surveillance in terms of cyber-attack risks to the industrial control systems or related to the risk of potential malicious acts against the Group's facilities (see section 2.2.5.2 Cybersecurity).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Entities operating industrial assets implement a number of measures designed to mitigate the related risks, for example:

• compliance with applicable regulations, such as the European “Seveso III” Directive (1) ;

The areas of activity in which the Group operates involve industrial risks, particularly in the event of ˱re or explosion, that could cause harm to individuals, property or the environment, in line with its pro˱le as a utility. These risks could expose the Group to civil, criminal and/or environmental liability claims, with a potentially signi˱cant impact on its reputation. They could relate to facilities belonging to or managed by the Group on behalf of clients, or facilities serviced by employees. A list of the Group's main industrial assets is published each year at the same time as the Group’s ˱nancial results (see Analyst Pack under “FY 2025 / 2025 Full-year Results” at https:// www.engie.com/en/˱nance/results/2025).

Industrial facilities and Seveso sites

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• implementation of safety management systems based on continuous improvement, aimed at reducing the level of residual risk;

• identi ˱cation of incidents and accidents, then implementation of action plans to avoid their recurrence;

• de ˱nition and implementation of action plans based on continuous improvement.

The Group operates and builds systems for gas transmission, distribution and storage, regasi ˱cation, gas liquefaction and biomethanization. It also builds and operates gas-˱red power production plants, hydropower facilities, wind farms, photovoltaic plants, electricity storage capacities, biomass plants and heating and cooling networks, and provides services in an industrial environment. Some of these facilities are classi˱ed as “upper tier” Seveso sites.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition, ENGIE hires external experts to audit its most exposed industrial assets. Regular audits are carried out by the competent local authorities.

For the most part, these risks are covered by insurance policies. In the event of a major claim, these policies could prove insuf˱cient (see Section 2.1.3 Risk and insurance coverage).

Risks of industrial accident can stem, for example, from operating incidents (˱res or explosions), defective design or construction, or from external events (third-party actions and natural disasters). These accidents could cause injuries, loss of life, property or environmental damage, activity interruptions and operating losses.

Additional information is presented in Section 3.1.4.3.3 Industrial safety.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The number of unplanned outages of ENGIE's industrial sites remains stable at overall portfolio level.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Directive 96/82/EC amended and superseded by Directive 2012/18/EU (Seveso III).

[Page 60] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.6 Social and societal risks

The Group is also still exposed to risks whose direct ˱nancial impact is dif˱cult to assess, but whose non-˱nancial impact is considered signi˱cant. These risks are discussed in greater detail in Chapter 3 Sustainability Statement and Vigilance Plan.

2.2.6.1 Risks related to human resources

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Risk of loss of skills and talent, high turnover

The risk analysis approach relating to human resources revealed three main risks:

The Group has taken the following measures:

Risk of loss of skills and talent, increased turnover

• rollout of employee retention and development programs, in particular juniors, high-potential talents, critical positions and employees identi ˱ed in succession plans;

• strengthening internal mobility, at all levels and within all the Group's entities;

As part of its transformation plan, the Group may encounter dif ˱culties in attracting and maintaining the skills required for its development. The labor market in the energy sector is highly competitive, especially for the recruitment of highly skilled staff, creating heightened labor market tension and a shortage of experienced labor.

Psychosocial risks

• targeted implementation of strategic job planning, which addresses current critical needs and future skills requirements;

• work aimed at strengthening the employer brand, in particular through a strong communication plan both internally and outside of the Group;

• design of customized training programs to maintain and develop key skills.

Changing organizations, jobs and working practices within the Group can generate a loss of motivation, confusion and a feeling of unease in some employees. These factors increase the likelihood of absenteeism and can impact employees' operational ef ˱ciency. See Section 2.2.6.2 Risks associated with health & safety at work.

See also Section 3.1.3.2.5 Talent and skills.

Social climate

Psychosocial risks

The Group is working on two major prevention initiatives:

The “social climate” risk is more signi ˱cant in France and Belgium, due to economic and social issues, which are particularly enhanced by planned disposals and restructuring that may have an impact on employment.

• a "No Mind at Risk" standard designed to ensure consistent management of psychosocial risks, based on three requirements:

• awareness-raising and training of managers within the Group in the detection of psychosocial risks,

• setting up systems to listen to employees and detect psychosocial risks,

• monitoring and analyzing serious and fatal events to better understand their causes and treatment;

• a “No Transformation at Risk” program to support organizations undergoing change in preventing and dealing with psychosocial risks upstream of project launch.

The Group also conducts an employee engagement survey (ENGIE&Me) every two years, combined with interactive management of the associated action plans.

See also Section 3.1.3.2.6 of the Sustainability Statement.

Social climate

Main actions implemented:

• continued promotion of positive and constructive social dialogue with unions, while ensuring effective communication with employees;

• global rollout of the ENGIE Care program, a modern and comprehensive social agreement, aiming to ensure social protection for all Group employees.

See also Section 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue.

[Page 61] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.6.2 Risks associated with health & safety at work

Criticality: Risk trend: Stable

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

The Group operates in a number of areas which involve risks likely to affect the health & safety of its employees, subcontractors and temporary workers.

The Group is committed to eradicating serious and fatal accidents and continuing to reduce occupational accidents, and to prevent psychosocial risks.

Major workplace safety risks include:

• serious accidents (causing irreversible damage) and fatal accidents;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group has de ˱ned two prevention axis: the ˱rst, “No Life At Risk”, relates to accident prevention, and the second, “No Mind At Risk”, deals with improving quality of life at work and preventing psychosocial risks.

• lost-time accidents that do not cause irreversible damage;

• psychosocial risks affecting people's mental health.

Following the fatal accidents in 2021, the Group's Executive Management decided to implement a major transformation plan called “ENGIE One Safety,” focusing on improving safety culture, managerial leadership and promoting commitment and vigilance among all individuals to protect their lives and those of others.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Continued implementation of the “ENGIE One Safety” plan in 2025 has resulted in a number of signi˱cant achievements:

• completion of the “ENGIE One Safety Culture” training and coaching program targeting all Group managers;

• deployment of a new communication campaign on road risk;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• organization of the world health & safety at work week, focused on shared vigilance;

• completion of the rollout of the Group-wide digital platform One Safety Tool, and helping managers to adopt the tool;

• review of the Group's just and fair culture policy, along with a survey of employees to determine their view of being able to freely expressing themselves;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• development of a new program to prevent serious and fatal accidents involving subcontractors, called PEPS (Partners Engaged for our Priority Safety).

A new multi-year initiative to improve quality of life at work and prevent psychosocial risks has also been launched. This involves:

• deploying an awareness-raising campaign intended to foster awareness and changes in behavior;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• rolling out a new compulsory e-learning module for all employees;

• drafting a new standard expressing the Group's expectations for its entities;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• developing a methodological kit to support organizational transformation projects and manage potential psychosocial risks at every stage of the project, under the "No Transformation at Risk" program.

The various provisions introduced in 2025 are described in Sections 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers and 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy).

[Page 62] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

2.2.7 Risks relating to nuclear activities

Criticality: Risk trend: Decrease

In Belgium, Electrabel, a Group subsidiary, partly owns and fully operates seven pressurized water reactors at two nuclear power plants at Doel and Tihange. Five reactors in this ˳eet were permanently shut down: Doel 3 and Tihange 2 on September 23, 2022 and January 31, 2023; Doel 1 and Doel 2 on February 14, 2025 and November 30, 2025; and Tihange 1 on September 30, 2025. The Tihange 3 and Doel 4 units have been extended by 10 years within BE-Nucléaire, a joint venture equally owned with the Belgian state.

Electrabel established governance principles for the operation, maintenance and dismantling of nuclear power plants based on its experience as an operator. It is also active in employee recruitment, training and retention, both for facilities in operation and nuclear services entities, and is involved in developing new services. These activities are subject to several kinds of risks, at regulatory and political level, in operational terms for the operation, maintenance and dismantling of power plants and at the ˱nancial level.

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Dismantling of facilities

Dismantling of facilities

For the residual risks that the Group must manage:

• in order to control the cost of dismantling power plants, a strengthened management control system and quarterly reviews of the program are organized;

Costs associated with the dismantling of facilities and the management of nuclear waste and spent fuel are included in the costs of nuclear electricity generation and are the subject of provisions in this regard. The assumptions and sensitivities regarding the assessment of these amounts are detailed in Note 17.2 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

• in terms of volumes, efforts to inventory and categorize the waste generated by dismantling are ongoing and should con ˱rm that the volumetric credit obtained in exchange for the lump sum payment is suf˱cient;

• for waste conditioning, the CTC have been established and working groups with ONDRAF determine the conditioning arrangements in order to con ˱rm the treatment process and cost.

Securing nuclear provisions

The agreement with the Belgian Government in December 2023 (payment in full of a lump sum discharge amount of €15 billion 2022 for future costs related to waste treatment) has considerably reduced the risk inherent to the cost of waste management, which has been de ˱nitively ˱xed with no residual liability for the operator once the waste has been packaged in accordance with the Contractual Transfer Criteria (CTC) de˱ned with the National Agency for Radioactive Waste and Enriched Fissile Material ( Organisme National des Déchets Radioactifs et des Matières Fissiles Enrichies – ONDRAF) and established by Royal Decree.

The nuclear operator is responsible only for the risks related to:

The ˱nancial risk associated with securing nuclear provisions was considerably reduced following the ˱nal payments to Hedera of €11.5 billion 2022 in March 2025 for the transfer of category B and C waste, and €3.5 billion 2022 when the units were restarted in October 2025 for the transfer of category A waste.

• the cost of dismantling power plants and the cost of managing on-site storage of spent fuel waste until completion of dismantling operations and until 2050 at the latest; these costs are subject to triennial review;

• compliance of the volumetric credit of radioactive waste and with the conditioning of waste in accordance with the CTC and the ful ˱lment of its commitments.

Securing nuclear provisions

For the balance of secured nuclear provisions, management of the investments is entrusted to a team led by a chief investment of ˱cer within Synatom. An investment committee composed of experts, who are all Synatom directors, is responsible for overseeing investment decisions. To this end, the investment policy is based on a controlled risk pro˱le aimed at achieving performance objectives and substantial diversi˱cation of risks, and is based on a rigorous risk control policy.

Securing nuclear provisions creates ˱nancial risks speci˱c to nuclear activities.

This mainly concerns the risk of return on invested ˱nancial assets, which are the counterparty to the provisions set aside within Synatom (an Electrabel subsidiary), under the supervision of the Commission for Nuclear Provisions ( Commission des Provisions Nucléaire – CPN). At December 31, 2025, these dedicated ˱nancial assets are invested to the tune of €5.6 billion in SICAV funds and will represent the whole of the nuclear provisions by 2031 (see Note 17.2.4 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements). The volatility of the value of ˱nancial assets representing consideration for nuclear provisions represents a signi˱cant risk for the Group.

[Page 63] Risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

DESCRIPTION

RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

Appeals against the permits necessary for nuclear operations

Appeals against the permits necessary for nuclear operations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Electrabel must obtain building permits and authorizations to operate certain nuclear facilities, which are often subject to appeals for annulment without suspensive effect.

In the event of an appeal, the nuclear business's legal teams monitor these disputes closely and assist the Belgian State agencies in ensuring their favorable resolution.

Risk of unavailability of the nuclear ˳eet

Risk of unavailability of the nuclear ˳eet

Management of the aging of the power plants is closely monitored.

A speci ˱c policy to maintain skills is in place.

The risk of one or more nuclear units not being available for technical, security or safety reasons including in particular an insuf ˱cient number of quali˱ed operators on site or possible saturation of temporary radioactive waste storage, is likely to adversely affect performance targets.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

However, the signature of the Phoenix Agreements have changed Electrabel's risk pro˱le insofar as the pro˱tability of nuclear activities is no longer limited to the sale of electricity. In fact, Electrabel now derives income from:

New suppliers of additional equipment have been – or will shortly be – accredited by the authorities, in particular for the supply of containers to free up intermediate storage capacity for spent fuel in reactor unit pools, and the ˱rst containers have been delivered and loaded. The manufacturing and delivery program is continuing.

Safety of facilities and nuclear safety

a/ the pro˱tability of BE-Nucléaire, in which it holds a 50% stake; as well as

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

b/ the pro˱ts generated as a service provider (LTO services, O&M services) for BE-Nucléaire, which account for a signi˱cant proportion of income.

Electrabel has implemented an internal and industrial control system in accordance with the extremely high standards of the profession, such as the safety standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which operates on several levels (see Section 3.1.4.3.3).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All individuals working at nuclear power plants have the appropriate quali ˱cations and are aware of their personal responsibility with regard to nuclear safety (see Section 3.1.4.3.3).

Accordingly, Electrabel’s sources of income are now more diversi˱ed, reducing its exposure to the risk of availability of nuclear plants. However, its exposure to this risk has not been totally eliminated, since the Phoenix Agreements provide for a progressive penalty on the margins granted under the Operations & Maintenance Agreement in the event of availability of less than 90% (excluding planned shutdowns), as well as in the event of CapEx and OpEx budget overruns.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The availability of the nuclear generation ˳eet at the end of December 2025 was 79%, excluding planned shutdowns, corresponding to a production of 18 TWh, while it was 86% in 2024.

Safety of facilities and nuclear safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Since the commissioning of the ˱rst reactor in 1974, the Doel and Tihange sites in Belgium have not experienced any major nuclear safety incidents that could have represented a danger to employees, (sub)contractors, the general population or the environment. However, they could present civil liability risks for Electrabel, speci˱cally in the event of a nuclear accident or the discharge of large quantities of radioactive material into the environment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 64] Risk factors and internal control

Internal control procedures

2.3 INTERNAL CONTROL PROCEDURES

2.3.1 Internal control objectives

2.3.1.1 Legal framework of application

ENGIE's internal control complies with the Financial Security Act adopted on August 1, 2003; and is based on the COSO II model of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and the French Financial Markets Authority

(Autorité des marchés ˱nanciers - AMF) reference framework. It is guided by a Group policy which sets out, with regard to the applicable regulatory framework, the expectations and objectives of the Internal Control function.

2.3.1.2 Internal control objectives

The purpose of ENGIE's internal control function is to provide reasonable assurance (as described by the COSO) that its activities are subject to adequate controls in terms of the following objectives:

Consequently, ENGIE's internal control system is constantly adapted to take into account the challenges facing the Group. These adaptations respond to constant changes in regulations, the transformation of the organization, the development of new business lines or digital technology.

• appropriate implementation and optimization of operations;

• the reliability of ˱nancial information; and

• compliance with laws and regulations as well as with instructions and guidelines set by Executive Management.

The internal control process applies to Group subsidiaries according to a ˱nancial materiality threshold. However, companies accounted for by the equity method may choose to adopt a different internal control system, the effectiveness of which they report to their governance bodies. In 2025, ˱ve subsidiaries above the threshold were concerned.

2.3.2 Internal control organization and stakeholders

2.3.2.1 Organization of internal control

The Internal Control Department also has a global and crossfunctional responsibility in terms of internal control. Its main duties include:

The ENGIE Group has set up an internal control management program called “INCOME” ( IN ternal CO ntrol M anagement and E f ˱ciency) which is activated according to the risks and managerial challenges of each business line.

• keeping the Group Internal Control Policy and the program's “reference framework” up to date;

• directly and indirectly overseeing the actions of the Internal Control function within the Group; and

Internal control is ˱rst and foremost a managerial responsibility that applies at all levels within the Group so that each manager, as the “˱rst line of defense,” is responsible for developing an appropriate internal control system and for overseeing its ef˱ciency.

• managing and coordinating the system as a stakeholder of the “second line of defense” with the other functions (see Section 2.3.2.3.3). Each one is responsible for the suitability and effectiveness of its internal control system in its respective area.

The Internal Control Department submits an annual review of internal control to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee.

The internal control function is composed of all these elements.

The second line of defense in the internal control system is the responsibility of each functional department. In particular, ˱nancial internal control is overseen by the Internal Control Department within the Finance Department. The operating entities and countries on the one hand, and the regions and Corporate on the other, have their own internal control teams, which are responsible for managing the rollout of the internal control system within their scope. They act at their level in support of management and there is a matrix-style reporting relationship with the internal control function (dotted line) and local management (direct).

[Page 65] Risk factors and internal control

Internal control procedures

2.3.2.2 General compliance framework

2.3.2.2.1 Ethics and compliance

ENGIE's internal control system systematically refers to these policies in the establishment of its reference framework, notably with regard to its compliance objective.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Decisions, standards and procedures setting out the Group's methods of operation supplement these policies.

In this respect, the Finance Department provides the procedures and rules intended to ensure the reliability of accounting and ˱nancial information applicable to the Group's entities.

In line with its values and its undertakings, ENGIE aims to act in compliance with the laws and regulations in force in the countries where it operates in all circumstances. To this end, the Group has established an ethics and compliance policy that guides its strategic decisions, management and professional practices. It also has the necessary tools to measure compliance with this undertaking (see Section 3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct).

The Internal Control Department provides all employees with:

2.3.2.2.2 Information systems

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Group internal control policy as well as a methodological guide to which the entities must refer, to help them de ˱ne, assess and coordinate an internal control system adapted to the nature of their activities;

• internal control standards drawn up by the functional departments (see Section 2.3.2.3.3 Second line of defense), which set out the risks relating to activities in the relevant ˱elds and the key controls designed to manage them;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• tools to assess the general control environment and the management of fraud risk, as well as practical guides covering cross-divisional subjects which include the segregation of duties, the management of accreditation and access rights to information systems, the protection of tangible and intangible assets and the role of Directors representing the Group within the entities it owns.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The IT solutions strategy, policies and standards are de ˱ned by the Group Digital and Information Technology (GDIT) Department. The security of the Information Systems (IS) of the Group's divisions and central functions is the responsibility of the GDIT in conjunction with the corresponding Corporate Departments, in accordance with the policies and standards. The standardization of these business line applications and the security of the industrial control systems (ICS) are managed under the responsibility of the Global Business Units (GBU). The regions and entities are responsible for the security and resilience of their IS and ICS under the supervision of the GBU and the GDIT Department. The GDIT Department manages cross-divisional security actions, including awareness-raising actions, as well as the connection of Information Systems and industrial facilities to the Group's cybersecurity supervision platform (Global Security Operations Center).

All of these policies, standards and procedures are available on the Group's Intranet site.

2.3.2.2.3 Internal policies and standards

The functional departments implement and distribute Group policies that aim to de ˱ne, according to the area in question, the main provisions applicable at all levels of the organization, in line with ENGIE's objectives and values.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2.3.2.3 The system's stakeholders

The stakeholders and their respective roles are presented according to a three-line defense model, overseen by ENGIE's governance bodies.

2.3.2.3.1 The Group's governance bodies

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Finance Department carries out accounting and ˱nancial internal control (see Section 2.3.3 below). Within this department, the Risk Management & Insurance Department is involved in risk identi˱cation for insurance purposes, loss prevention, and the de˱nition and implementation of hedging strategies.

The Board of Directors, along with the Audit Committee, ensures the correct functioning of the Group's internal control system. The Executive Committee de ˱nes the organization and responsibilities of managers and ensures compliance with delegations of authority. An annual review of internal control is submitted to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2.3.2.3.2 First line of defense

The Environmental, Social & Governance Department (ESG) monitors ENGIE's ESG compliance, particularly with regard to environmental and social matters. It proposes Group policies in this area, assesses the ESG maturity of the Group's various businesses, monitors the achievement of 2030 ESG targets and is in charge of sustainability reporting.

The Group Procurement Department de ˱nes the principles and rules of the Procurement Charter and Governance. Internal controls are de˱ned to cover all procurement processes, from the selection of suppliers up to payment of the ˱nal invoice.

The operational managers, who are responsible for the internal control of their organizations, constitute a key element of the system. Following the reference framework de ˱ned by the Group, they ensure that control activities are implemented, analyze the results, correct any de˱ciencies and endeavor to improve the ef˱ciency of their system.

The Management Committees of the GBU, regions , countries and operating entities are responsible for establishing and overseeing the internal control processes covering the scope of their activities.

The Corporate Secretariat helps to make the Group's operations and the decisions of its managers legally secure, particularly in the following areas: commitments, litigation, arbitration, studies and actions to protect the criminal liability of the Group and its managers, embargo, company law, stock market regulation, intellectual property law, competition and regulatory law and ˱nancial law.

2.3.2.3.3 Second line of defense

This line of defense is organized into functions, overseen by the Group's functional departments. In addition to the Internal Control Department, whose duties were described in Section 2.3.2.1 above, the following departments are the main stakeholders of the second line of defense:

[Page 66] Risk factors and internal control

Internal control procedures

Within the Corporate Secretariat, the Legal, Ethics and Compliance Department manages the Legal Division and legal framework of the Group's businesses. The Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department, which reports to it, manages the Ethics Division and ensures compliance with ethical principles.

The Group Digital and Information Technology Department (GDIT) de ˱nes the internal controls relating to the management of information systems and their security for both management systems and industrial control systems (ICS). Regular controls are carried out on systems (penetration testing), on site (ICS controls) and via internal and external risk indicators. Important subjects for internal control, such as the segregation of duties and the management of access rights, are taken into account during the design stage of new information systems and are regularly reviewed thereafter under the control of the owners of sensitive applications.

The Group's Human Resources Department sets the framework and all rules aimed at ensuring compliance with local legislation, compliance with human resources management practices in terms of the Group's social and societal commitments, employment, diversity and inclusion, respect for human rights, health & safety at work, and con ˱dentiality and integrity of the personal data of the Group's employees and agents.

2.3.2.3.4 Third line of defense: the Internal Audit Department

Reporting to Executive Management, the Internal Audit Department operates throughout the Group in accordance with an annual audit plan based on a risk analysis and interviews with the functional and operational managers.

The Transformation & Geographies Department is responsible for supervising the Transformation Of ˱ce, the Health & Safety Department, and the General Projects Department. It also manages the Group's geographical platform at the country level, as well as the Global Business Support (GBS) structure responsible for the Group's shared services centers.

This plan may be expanded at the request of the Executive Committee according to the Group's priorities.

Submitted to the Audit Committee for approval, the plan is designed to cover all of the Group's major risks and challenges that it is able to address and enables the management of activities to be checked.

Within the Transformation & Geographies Department, (i) the Transformation Of˱ce Department is responsible for supervising and managing the Group's transformation projects, (ii) the Group's Health & Safety and Group Project Department is responsible for all activities at Group level (a) relating to the health & safety of individuals and process safety in terms of the objectives set by the Group in these areas (No Life at Risk – No Mind at Risk – No Asset at Risk) (b) relating to crisis management, and (c) supporting and strengthening excellence in the management of the Group's industrial projects.

The Internal Audit presents its conclusions to the Audit Committee, the Group's Executive Committee and the managers of the GBU. It reports to the Audit Committee on its key observations and the progress of related action plans.

2.3.3 Internal control relating to ˱nancial information

2.3.3.1 Organization and stakeholders

The Financial Systems, Data & Processes Department de ˱nes strategy in terms of processes and information systems for the ˱nance function. It determines and manages the policies, rules and standards for IT processes and solutions speci˱c to the ˱nance function. Applications and networks are rolled out evenly across the entities. The Financial Systems, Data & Processes Department oversees the implementation of the Group's IT security policy within the sector and monitors and plans IT spending and investments.

The consolidated reporting entities all use the SAP BFC software package for the consolidation of the Group's ˱nancial statements and the SAP BPC software package for the Group's management reporting. SAP BFC is jointly managed by the Consolidation Tool Center of Expertise (which handles administrative tasks and system con˱guration and provides operating assistance to users) and the Information Systems Department, which is in charge of speci˱c underlying networks.

The Reporting, Analysis and Performance Department (DRAP) is in charge of ˱nancial reporting, overseeing the preparation of ENGIE's parent company ˱nancial statements, producing the consolidated ˱nancial statements, and liaising with the Statutory Auditors and the AMF's accounting departments. It establishes the Group's accounting principles and oversees their implementation to ensure compliance with the accounting standards. It monitors changes in standards and their impact on the Group's ˱nancial statements, ensures the quality and consistency of the analysis carried out and the positions adopted. The department establishes the analyses and reports required by Executive Management for the economic and ˱nancial coordination of the Group, and by the GBU for the management of the matters falling within their particular remits. It draws up and maintains the Group's management control framework and oversees the rolling out of these toolkits to the various entities. It guides the Accounting and Management Control divisions in de˱ning and implementing processes and tools. It oversees the budget and business plan process, as well as the Group's performance program.

The Tax Department is responsible for de ˱ning and rolling out the Group's tax policy. It coordinates the validation of tax returns and transfer pricing documentation and ensures that tax data are reported uniformly. It is directly responsible for all tax activities. Generally speaking, it is closely supported by the Finance Departments of the GBU and the countries which are responsible for tax compliance and transparency.

The Investor Relations Department is in charge of relations with institutional investors and analysts. With regard to management information, the DRAP is the sole source of information for the Investors Relations Department, including for other information from the legal reporting process and falling within the framework of regulated information, within the meaning of the AMF regulations. Lastly, the department oversees and coordinates the market communication process ( ˱nancial information and major transactions) in collaboration with the Corporate Secretariat.

[Page 67] Risk factors and internal control

Internal control procedures

The Finance Department also uses the current “Missions and operating principles of ˱nancial communications” procedure, which sets out management principles for the Group's ˱nancial communication and de˱nes the activities relating to institutional investor and analyst relations as well as market intelligence.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Through the functional lines, all of these corporate departments oversee the internal control of their respective ˱elds via the Finance Departments of the GBU, countries and operating entities. They are responsible for preparing the parent company ˱nancial statements of the legal entities and their transcription into IFRS, as well as the implementation of internal control procedures at all operating subsidiaries and decentralized management control (see Section 2.3.3.3 Setting objectives and coordination). Corporate consolidates these data transcribed into IFRS.

2.3.3.2 Consolidation process

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The DRAP is in charge of producing the consolidated ˱nancial statements. It provides management control for the GBU and is supported by local teams . It updates the accounting standards manual and closing instructions shared before the consolidation phases.

The Chief Executive Of ˱cers and Chief Financial Of˱cers of the GBU, as well as the Chief Financial Of˱cers of the countries and major operating entities, attest to the quality and comprehensiveness of the ˱nancial information provided to the Group in a representation letter.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Each of these entities carries out controls in its own area of responsibility to ensure that Group accounting standards and policies have been circulated and applied correctly. Corporate carries out second-tier controls on information prepared by the GBU and the countries which do the same regarding data provided by the reporting entities.

2.3.3.3 Setting objectives and coordination

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group's four GBU and business entities produce a Medium-Term Business Plan (MTP), a budget and updates to the budget during the course of each year. The DRAP prepares instructions for this purpose for each GBU and reporting entity, including details such as macroeconomic assumptions, ˱nancial and non-˱nancial indicators, the timetable and the segmentation of the scope of activity.

For each GBU, the Executive Committee approves the objectives set for the following year, the corresponding budget and the outlook beyond the current year derived from the budget process and the MTP. The testing process for the impairment of goodwill and long-term assets is based on this data. The Group's consolidated budget and MTP are presented at a joint meeting to the Audit Committee and the Investment and Technology Committee before being submitted to the Board of Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2.3.4 Internal control oversight

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Management plays a key role in coordinating the internal control system according to a cycle that is generally annual by ensuring, with respect to the principle of reasonable assurance, that it remains relevant to the challenges and risks within its scope of responsibility. As part of the Group's internal control program and its methodology guidelines, it ensures that the following ˱ve actions are carried out:

transactional processes. The aim is to better control the risks of non-compliance and fraud, and guarantee the reliability of accounting information. New controls have been designed as part of the Global Enterprise Transformation (GET) project. The aim of this project is to deploy a single management system based on uni ˱ed processes. In 2025, GET was deployed at two pilot sites in Peru and at ENGIE Solutions France.

• an analysis of the general control environment;

• an assessment of the risks of process malfunctions;

These automated controls are used by the ˱rst line of defense. The Internal Control Department makes a list of automated controls, which are supervised by the second line of defense.

• the creation or update of the controls deemed appropriate;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a regular assessment of the ef ˱ciency of the systems in place and the potential implementation of corrective measures as part of a continuous improvement approach;

• communication and commitment at all levels.

In terms of the concept of commitment , management's responsibility is made of ˱cial by the drafting and signing of an annual letter of acknowledgment, where the manager sets out their point of view on the ef˱ciency of the internal control system within their scope of responsibility and attaches the major action plans deemed suitable to address any weaknesses identi˱ed.

For all of these actions, the Group provides the entities with the necessary tools which they can use and adapt according to their speci ˱c requirements.

This commitment is applied along the management chain to provide Executive Management and the Audit Committee with reasonable assurance as to the deployment and ef˱ciency of its internal control system.

More speci ˱cally, with regard to the assessment of the ef˱ciency of the systems in place , in 2025, the Group continued to roll out automated controls using data available in

[Page 68] Risk factors and internal control

Internal control procedures

66 ENGIE — Universal registration document 2025

[Page 69] SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT AND VIGILANCE PLAN

3.1.5 Appendices 204

3.1 Sustainability Statement 68

3.1.1 General information [ESRS 2] 78

3.1.1.1 Methodological note 78

3.1.6 Report on the certi ˱cation of sustainability information and veri˱cation of the disclosure requirements 215

3.1.1.2 Strategy – Business Model – Value Chain 79

3.1.1.3 ESG Responsibility Governance 90

3.1.1.4 Double materiality process 93

3.1.7 Reasonable assurance report of the statutory auditors of Engie on a selection of the Group’s social and environmental information 218

3.1.1.5 Risk management system and internal control over sustainability reporting 103

3.1.2 Environmental information 103

3.2 Vigilance Plan 220

3.1.2.1 Climate change [ESRS E1] 103

3.1.2.2 Managing nature-related matters 124

3.2.1 Human rights vigilance approach 221

3.2.2 Health & safety vigilance approach 227

3.2.3 Environmental vigilance approach 233

3.1.2.2.1 Governance of relevant matters 124 3.1.2.2.2 Industrial pollution [ESRS E2] 125 3.1.2.2.3 Water [ESRS E3] 128 3.1.2.2.4 Biodiversity and ecosystems [ESRS E4] 131 3.1.2.2.5 Resource use and circular economy [ESRS E5] 136

3.1.2.3 European Taxonomy 142

3.2.4 Procurement vigilance approach 238

3.1.3 Social information 147

3.2.5 Third-party assessment 246

3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights 147

3.1.3.2 Own workforce [ESRS S1] 150

3.2.6 Whistleblowing and alert reporting system 246

3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy) [ESRS S2] 173

3.1.3.4 Workers in the value chain (energy) [ESRS S2] 178

3.2.7 Monitoring and effectiveness assessment of measures implemented 247

3.1.3.5 Affected communities [ESRS S3] 180

3.2.8 Implementation report 249

3.1.3.6 Consumers and end-users [ESRS S4] 185

3.1.4 Information on business conduct [ESRS G1] 191

3.2.9 Duty of vigilance cross-reference table 250

3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct [ESRS G1] 191

3.1.4.2 Sustainable procurement [ESRS G1] 196

3.1.4.3 Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety [speci ˱c information] 201

[Page 70] 3.1 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

ESRS ESSENTIALS

ENGIE’S MATERIAL MATTERS

ESRS E1

CLIMATE CHANGE 11 IROS (1)

1 negative impact

2 risks

3 positive impacts

3 opportunities

Climate change mitigation and energy transition ENGIE is committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2045. To that end, it is managing a sustained and steady reduction in its greenhouse gas emissions. The Group is investing signi ˱cantly in developing renewable electricity and gas across its entire value chain, while simultaneously reducing its fossil fuel footprint.

2 risks

Adaptation to the consequences of climate change Climate change leads to extreme weather events and, in the medium term, in ˳uences the availability of natural resources (water, wind, sunlight, etc.) as well as customer needs (less heating, more cooling) that may impact ENGIE’s operating conditions and its business model.

ESRS E2

INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION 7 IROS

3 negative impacts

3 risks

1 positive impact

Air, soil and water pollution ENGIE’s activities may generate emissions into the air, water and soil, which could impact ecosystems and human health (e.g., energy production via combustion).

ESRS E3

WATER 5 IROS

Preserving freshwater resources

2 negative impacts 2 risks

1 opportunity

ENGIE is dependent on freshwater resources to maintain its operations (e.g., CCGT, hydroelectric dams). Controlling the pressures exerted on this resource is therefore key, particularly in water-stressed areas.

ESRS E4

BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS 6 IROS

3 negative impacts

2 risks

1 positive impact

Ecosystem degradation and biodiversity loss The Group’s activities, particularly the construction and operation of energy infrastructure, can contribute to the disruption of terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity, and to the arti ˱cialization of land.

ESRS E5

RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY 6 IROS

2 risks

1 negative impact

1 positive impact

2 opportunities

Resource management: waste reduction and circular economy ENGIE designs and operates large-scale energy assets that rely on sometimes critical raw materials. The decommissioning of assets – particularly renewables – has therefore become strategic. In addition, innovating through circular solutions within industrial models, such as using waste heat or developing biomethane, enables the recycling of waste from production.

ESRS S1

OWN WORKFORCE 15 IROS

1 negative impact

2 risks

1 positive impact

Working conditions and social dialogue Against a backdrop of transforming professions and expertise related to the energy transition, and profound and ongoing digital shifts – in a just transition framework – social dialogue plays an essential role in preventing and easing tensions while improving working conditions for employees.

(1) IRO stands for impacts, risks and opportunities. This term is used as de ˶ned in the glossary in Section 7.9.

[Page 71] ESRS ESSENTIALS

1 negative impact

1 risk

1 positive impact

Diversity, equity and inclusion The Group is committed to an equity and diversity policy designed to promote an inclusive work environment and improve collective performance in order to meet today’s challenges.

1 negative impact

1 risk

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2 positive impacts

Talent and skills In a context of major technological transformations – energy transition and digital revolution – professions and skills are evolving rapidly. To train its employees and attract talent, the Group must remain at the cutting edge of these changes.

2 negative impacts 2 risks

Health & safety of employees and temporary works Employees and temporary workers working for ENGIE may be exposed to various types of risks that could impair their physical or mental health. Managing these risks is an absolute priority for the Group.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S2

WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN 6 IROS

1 negative impact

1 risk

1 positive impact

Working conditions in the value chain Procurement, including energy purchases, is a strategic activity for the successful execution of operations. The Group strives to guarantee respect for human rights by ensuring decent working conditions and the health and safety of workers throughout its value chain.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1 negative impact 1 risk

1 opportunity

Health & safety in the value chain On occupational health & safety matters, the Group requires the same level of prevention and protection for its service providers and subcontractors, on ENGIE sites, as it does for its own employees and temporary workers.

ESRS S3

AFFECTED COMMUNITIES 6 IROS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2 risks

3 negative impacts

1 positive impact

Engagement with affected communities Since ENGIE cannot develop or operate energy infrastructure without local acceptability, continuous dialogue with affected communities is essential to prevent impacts, secure projects and sustainably anchor the Group’s activities within these regions.

ESRS S4

CONSUMERS AND END-USERS 5 IROS

1 negative impact

1 risk

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2 positive impacts

1 opportunity

Inclusion of consumers and/or end-users Operating in direct contact with millions of residential customers, ENGIE promotes the energy transition by offering green electricity and services to help them consume less. In addition, in a more aggressive global cybersecurity environment, protecting customers’ personal data is a key concern.

ESRS G1

BUSINESS CONDUCT 10 IROS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1 negative impact 1 risk

Ethics and business conduct Failure to comply with laws and procedures governing business conduct can have negative impacts on society and generate ˱nancial, legal and reputational risks for the Group. ENGIE ensures that its activities are conducted in accordance with ethics and regulatory standards, which form the cornerstone of its actions.

1 negative impact

1 risk

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2 positive impacts

Sustainable procurement ENGIE depends on a global supply chain that is exposed to geopolitical tensions, human rights risks and carbon pressures. At the same time, it relies on thousands of suppliers and expects them to have robust ethical, environmental and social practices (e.g., critical components for renewable electric energy). Responsible procurement practices are essential to secure its supplies.

2 negative impacts

1 risk

1 positive impact

Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety As an industrial energy group, ENGIE operates in an international context marked by high tensions, which can increase its exposure to cyberattacks and security risks. Moreover, its operations may cause major industrial accidents. ENGIE pays close attention to the risk of damage to property and people, and invests speci ˱cally in this area.

[Page 72] ESRS ESSENTIALS

CLIMATE CHANGE ESRS E1

Climate change mitigation and energy transition

OBJECTIVES (excerpts)

1 negative impact

2 risks

3 positive impacts

3 opportunities

Group greenhouse gas emissions (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) in Mt CO 2 eq. :

265

ACTION PLANS

120 140 145

• Phase out coal use with the end of coal sales in 2019, followed by the end of coal- ˱red power generation in continental Europe in 2025 and worldwide by 2027.

2017 2025 2030

• Reduce and decarbonize gas consumption and sales while producing renewable and low-carbon gases by (i) reducing gas sales and the volumes of gas consumed by the existing thermal ˳eet, (ii) decarbonizing residual thermal power plants, and (iii) producing low-carbon gases (biomethane and hydrogen).

Greenhouse gas emissions from energy production (Scopes 1 and 3) in Mt CO 2 eq. :

107

• Decarbonize the production, sale and consumption of electricity and heat by producing renewable electricity and renewable, low carbon or recovered heat, and by selling renewable and low‑carbon electricity.

45

26 36

2017 2025 2030

• Support the transition of existing gas infrastructure and develop electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure, energy supply ˳exibility, low-carbon mobility infrastructure and low‑carbon technologies (e.g., desalination, heat pumps).

GHG emissions relating to commodity sales (energy and fuels) in Mt CO 2 eq. (Scopes 3.3D and 3.11):

• Support customers in decarbonizing their activities by developing services focused on energy ef ˱ciency, energy sobriety and energy demand ˳exibility (e.g., demand management, decentralized BESS), in addition to the aforementioned activities.

104

83

74

63

2017 2025 2030

2030 target zone

S S

M I

E

I O

C T

N S

R E

D I

O

P E

1

S C

2

P E

O

S C

21 MT

1 MT

0.2 MT

0.5 MT

0.2 MT

N S

0.1 MT

18 MT

I O

22 MT

S S

M I

E

C T

3

Scope 3 downstream 26 Mt Production of energy purchased for resale to end customers 5 Mt Purchases and ﬁxed assets 18 Mt Upstream fuel and electricity procurement chain

R E

5 MT

48 MT

P E

20 MT

49 MT

N S

D I

M )

C O

I O

I N

S

11 MT

E A

S S

M

T R

31 MT CO2 EQ. 145 MT CO2 EQ. 74 MT

A

Scope 2 0.5 Mt Purchased electricity and heat

M I

N S

E

R E

W

C T

S T

O

R E

( D

U P

26 MT

D I

3

E

I N

M

O P

Scope 1 21 Mt Energy generation 1 Mt Gas networks 0.2 Mt Other activities (incl. vehicle ﬂeets)

S C

E A

Customer decarbonization: emissions avoided

T R

N S

W

D O

26 MT

Scope 3 (downstream) 48 Mt Use of products sold (fuel sales) 26 Mt Investments (incl. in energy production by non-controlled entities)

20 Mt Produced energy and renewable gas 11 Mt Resold energy and renewable gas 0.1 Mt Electricity storage 0.2 Mt Energy services

[Page 73] ESRS ESSENTIALS

CLIMATE CHANGE ESRS E1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Adaptation to the consequences of climate change

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

2 risks

ACTION PLANS

Percentage of existing sites subject to material climate risk with an adaptation plan

2025 result: 85%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Ensure the Group’s climate resilience at a strategic level by including climate risk in the selection criteria for the Group’s geographic and technological portfolio.

2026 target: 100%

• Ensure the resilience of local sites by analyzing the climate risk of new projects and existing sites, and implementing adaptation plans where necessary.

Percentage of new projects with Executive Committee and Board of Directors validation threshold incorporating climate risk analysis prior to investment decision:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Climate policy

2025 result: 89%

2026 target: 100%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION ESRS E2

Air, soil and water pollution

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

3 negative impacts

3 risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1 positive impact

Reduction in n itrogen oxide (NOx) emissions from energy production in metric tons:

ACTION PLANS

92,209 t

• Including air, water and soil pollution matters in project development.

-75.4%

• Improvements in inventory of air, water and soil pollutants linked to industrial processes.

23,052 t (-75% vs. 2017) 22,656 t

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Decontaminate former gas sites through remediation work and divestment.

2017 2025 2030

Anti-pollution policy

Reduction of p articulate matter emissions from energy production in metric tons:

7,353 t

-53.6%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2,941 t (-60% vs. 2017) 3,411 t

2017 2025 2030

Reduction of s ulfur dioxide (SO 2 ) emissions from energy production in metric tons:

159,623 t

-97.2%

3,192 t (-98% vs 2017) 4,387 t

2017 2025 2030

[Page 74] ESRS ESSENTIALS

WATER ESRS E3

Preservation of freshwater resources

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

2 negative impacts 2 risks

1 opportunity

Reduction in the freshwater consumption rate for energy production in m 3 /MWh:

ACTION PLANS

0.310

• Identify and carry out actions to reduce freshwater consumption at existing sites.

0.185

0.100

• For each new project, analyze water management risks and opportunities, and identify necessary actions.

2019 2025 2030

• Implement action plans for sites in water-stressed areas to help reduce pressure on freshwater resources.

Water and Oceans Policy

BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS ESRS E4

Ecosystem degradation and biodiversity loss

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

3 negative impacts

2 risks

1 positive impact

Percentage of active sites covered by an ecological management plan:

ACTION PLANS

2025 result: 68%

2030 target: 100%

• Implement ecological management for the Group’s industrial activities, in particular without the use of chemical phytosanitary products.

• Apply the "avoid-reduce-compensate" sequence i.e. the mitigation hierarchy to development projects.

Rate of projects having applied the avoidreduce-compensate sequence:

• Develop action plans for identi ˱ed priority material sites.

2025 result: 100%

• Implement Nature-Based Solutions (NBS).

2025 target: 100%

Biodiversity policy

Rate of priority material sites with an action plan:

2025 result: 100%

2028 target: 100%

Nature-Based Solutions (NBS):

2025 result: 6

2025 target: 10

[Page 75] ESRS ESSENTIALS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

RESOURCE USE ESRS E5 AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY

Resource management: waste reduction and circular economy

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

1 negative impact

2 risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1 positive impact

2 opportunities

Annual biomethane production in Europe in TWh :

2025 result: 1.2

ACTION PLANS

• Develop biomethane in Europe to use local resources.

2035 target: 10

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Continue the assessment of material criticality (Material Risk Passport).

Annual biomethane injection capacity into French grids in TWh :

• Develop energy recovery in industrial processes.

• Repair assets to extend their lifespan.

2025 result: 14.5

• Maximize the value of hazardous and non-hazardous waste from dismantled sites.

2030 target: 50

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Circular economy and natural resources policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 76] ESRS ESSENTIALS

OWN WORKFORCE ESRS S1

Working conditions and social dialogue

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

1 negative impact

2 risks

1 positive impact

Percentage of women managers:

ACTION PLANS

2025 result: 33.1%

• Renegotiate the Global Agreement on fundamental rights and ENGIE’s social responsibility.

2030 target: 40% to 60%

• Mapping agreements in each country.

• Promote employee share ownership through the LINK plan.

• Implement the ENGIE Care Program.

Apprenticeship rate (relative to employees on permanent and ˱xed-term contracts in France*):

Diversity, equity and inclusion

2025 result: 7.3%

1 negative impact

1 risk

2030 target: 10%

1 positive impact

Gender pay gap:

ACTION PLANS

2025 result: 1.57%

2030 target: ≤2%

• Implement tools to track the implementation of the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Policy.

• Identify and address potential gender pay gaps.

Percentage of staff trained each year:

Talent and skills

2025 result: 89.7%

1 negative impact

1 risk

2030 target: 100%

2 positive impacts

ACTION PLANS

Number of fatalities as a result of workrelated injuries among employees and temporary workers:

• Mapping of ENGIE’s needs in terms of skills and by job, and deployment of the skills approach within the Group.

2025 result: 0

Permanent target: 0 fatal accidents

• Establishment of Business Academies (GBU and cross-cutting functions).

* Excluding regulated entities GRDF and NaTran

2030 target zone

• Continue to roll out the Group's People Development Strategy among employees, in particular the new Mobility Policy published in 2025.

Health & safety of employees and temporary workers

2 negative impacts 2 risks

ACTION PLANS

• Continue the implementation of the ENGIE One Safety transformation plan, including the ENGIE One Safety Culture coaching and training program for all managers.

• Strengthen the prevention of psychosocial risks, for transformation projects and for routine activities.

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

Training and Development Policy

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy

Health & Safety Policy

[Page 77] ESRS ESSENTIALS

WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN ESRS S2

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Working conditions in the value chain

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

1 negative impact

1 risk

1 positive impact

Number of fatalities as a result of workrelated injuries among subcontractors:

ACTION PLANS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2025 result: 1

Non-energy procurement

Permanent target: 0 fatal accidents

• Conduct speci ˱c ethical audits (particularly in the Middle East for workers’ living quarters) on production sites in high-risk sectors (solar panels and wind turbines).

• Implement a mandatory training plan on ethical supplier relations and due diligence in the purchasing process.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Reinforced due diligence to prevent the risk of forced labor practices in the Group’s supply chains located in high-risk countries.

Energy purchasing

• Implement strict ESG guidelines for every product supplied (shale gas, biomass, biomethane, carbon credits, I-RECs, renewable energy) and by energy supplier.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Health & safety in the value chain

1 negative impact 1 risk

1 opportunity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ACTION PLANS

• Eliminate serious and fatal accidents by applying speci ˱c health & safety management processes for subcontractors and imposing safety standards and rules identical to those applicable to employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

Health & Safety Policy

Procurement Charter

Supplier Code of Conduct

Due Diligence Policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 78] ESRS ESSENTIALS

AFFECTED COMMUNITIES ESRS S3

Engagement with affected communities

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

3 negative impacts

2 risks

1 positive impact

Industrial activities with a stakeholder engagement plan:

ACTION PLANS

2025 result: 85%

• Implement the Group Vigilance Plan.

2030 target: 100%

• Regularly assess the potential consequences of Group activities on communities and ensure their expectations are taken into account through dialogue and consultation.

• Implement local remediation plans based on identi ˱ed risks.

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

Ethics Code of Conduct

Just Transition Policy

Stakeholder Engagement Policy

CONSUMERS AND END-USERS ESRS S4

Inclusion of consumers and/or end-users

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

1 negative impact

1 risk

2 positive impacts

1 opportunity

ACTION PLANS

Percentage of green electricity contracts in total electricity contracts (average in Europe):

2025 result: 95.1%

• Contribute to a just and ef ˱cient transition by continuing to develop green gas and electricity offers.

• Continue to develop services to help manage energy consumption.

2030 target: 90%-95%

• Pursue the application of the Group’s customer personal data protection policy.

2030 target zone

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

Just Transition Policy

Stakeholder Engagement Policy

Personal Data Protection Policy

[Page 79] ESRS ESSENTIALS

BUSINESS CONDUCT ESRS G1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Ethics and business conduct

OBJECTIVES (Excerpts)

1 negative impact 1 risk

ACTION PLANS

Train the people most exposed to corruption risk:

• Continue to implement the ethics and compliance framework.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2025 result: 87.7%

Sustainable procurement

2030 target: >95%

1 risk

1 negative impact

2 positive impacts

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE

ACTION PLANS

2025 result: 51%

Non-energy procurement:

2030 target: 100%

• Monitor the implementation of the Inclusive Procurement Policy in France.

2030 target zone

• Manage the Compliance Policy within the Procurement Department.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Implement a carbon footprint reduction initiative in procurement.

Energy purchasing:

• Implement a dedicated ESG strategy for shale gas. Contribute to the Responsible Commodities Sourcing Initiative (RECOSI).

Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2 negative impacts

1 risk

1 positive impact

ACTION PLANS

Cybersecurity:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Implement a multi-year Group-wide cybersecurity program.

Security of assets and people:

• Implement prevention and protection measures based on the criticality of the site location and/or operations.

Industrial safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Implement safety management systems based on continuous improvement within subsidiaries and entities operating industrial assets.

Nuclear safety:

• Implement a robust nuclear safety policy across all stages of plant operation and dismantling processes.

Ethics and compliance

Procurement Charter

Group Cybersecurity Policy

[Page 80] 3.1.1 General information [ESRS 2]

3.1.1.1 Methodological note

3.1.1.1.1 General basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement [BP-1]

Basis for preparation [BP-1 5a, b]

• due to the complexity of European sustainability reporting regulations (including the Taxonomy) and the absence of a single, consensus-based interpretation of the texts, the Group has retained its reporting principles established in 2024, particularly with regard to the de ˱nition of operational control. For the ENGIE Group this is based on the analysis of ˱nancial control, before adding some speci˱c analysis criteria for operational control;

This Sustainability Statement has been prepared in accordance with the Directive of December 14, 2022 amending Regulation no. 537/2014, Directive no. 2004/109/EC, Directive no. 2006/ 43/EC and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) no. 2013/34/EU. These directives were transposed in France by transposition order no. 2023-1142 of December 6, 2023, amended by Law No. 2025-391 of April 30, 2025 and supplemented by Delegated Regulation no. 2023/2772 of July 31, 2023. The latter establishes the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). This Sustainability Statement has also been prepared in accordance with the European Taxonomy set out in Article 8 of Regulation 2020/852.

• the ENGIE Group has opted to apply as of the end of 2025 the provisions of the “Omnibus” Delegated Regulation (EU) 2026/73, which introduced measures simplifying the generic Do No Signi ˱cant Harm (DNSH) criteria regarding pollution prevention and reduction, as well as the models for reporting results. For 2025, the Group did not consider the option offered by the Delegated Regulation of applying a materiality approach to assessing the eligibility and alignment of its economic activities. However, this possibility will be examined for the 2026 ˱nancial year;

This Sustainability Statement is based on a double materiality assessment (described in more detail below), which identi ˱es the Environmental, Social or Governance (ESG) matters on which ENGIE has a material (positive or negative) impact and those that have a major effect on the Group’s ˱nancial performance (risks or opportunities).

• lastly, the internal control process is currently being adapted to the new requirements of the standards. Signi ˱cant progress has been achieved since last year, and these efforts will continue in future years (see Section 3.1.1.5).

Scope of consolidation

This information was prepared in an evolving context characterized by uncertainties regarding the interpretation of the texts, the absence of established practices – particularly for double materiality assessments – and the updating of the internal control system. In this regulatory environment, which remains uncertain at the beginning of 2026, ENGIE has chosen to maintain a level of disclosure similar to last year’s. Consequently, the work carried out this year is a continuation of that undertaken in the previous year.

Several points are worth highlighting:

In accordance with ESRS standards, the Sustainability Statement applies the same scope as the ˱nancial statements. This means that the ESG reporting scope for own operations is consistent with the scope of consolidation of the ˱nancial statements covering both the parent company and its (fully consolidated) subsidiaries. Joint operations are also considered as ENGIE’s own operations, up to the amount of their share in the capital.

• the double materiality assessment is identical to that performed in 2024, as no signi ˱cant events were identi˱ed whose impact on the ENGIE Group’s structure or business model would have altered the results of the assessment or the resulting disclosure requirements;

Associates (i.e., those over which ENGIE exercises signi˱cant in˳uence) and joint ventures (i.e., those over which ENGIE exercises joint control) are accounted for using the equity method and are included in the upstream or downstream segments of the value chain (VC) in proportion to their percentage holding. Financial assets (loans, equity and debt investments) are considered as “business relationships” and if they are material, may give rise to value chain information.

• certain quantitative information relies on the judgment and estimates of the ENGIE Group’s Executive Management and may involve uncertainties, particularly in the case of longterm forecasts, as explained in Section 3.1.1.1.2. These uncertainties, judgments and estimates are set out for the main metrics concerned in the Sustainability Statement;

The basis for the preparation and calculation of the metrics follows the above principles, with the exception of certain speci ˱c metrics which require a broader scope of application. For these metrics, the methodology applied is speci˱ed in the sections dealing with the relevant ESRS.

• as speci ˱ed in the paragraph “Methodology used to calculate the Group's total GHG emissions” in part of Section 3.1.2.1.6 Climate metrics [E1-5, E1-6], CO 2 emissions related to waste gas recovery services for a steel-producing customer are excluded from the Group's Scope 1;

• in accordance with its commitments, the Group is reporting certain data points this year that were unavailable in 2024. However, some data points remain to be reported or completed in future years. These notably include:

[BP-1 5c] As with the ˱rst year of reporting and with the exception of the double materiality assessment and exceptions speci˱ed in the relevant section where applicable, the value chain includes tier 1 suppliers and tier 1 consumers and end‑users – i.e., direct residential customers who purchase the company’s products and services for personal use.

• the disclosure of metrics related to water and soil pollutants and supplier payment terms, and information on ˱nes, penalties and compensation for damages as a result of human rights incidents,

• alignment of calculation methodologies with ESRS for certain compensation metrics;

[Page 81] 3.1.1.1.2 Disclosures in relation to speci ˱c circumstances [BP-2]

Time horizons [BP-2 9a, b]

• Comparative information [ESRS-1 10.3]: the Group provides comparative information in metrics covering 2024 and 2025. There were no signi ˱cant methodological changes in 2025 that required restating the 2024 metrics.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In preparing the Sustainability Statement, the Group applies time horizons that are consistent with those used for ˱nancial reporting, and in particular for the budget and Medium-Term Business Plan (MTP) approved by the Group’s Executive Committee and Board of Directors:

• one year, for the short-term (budget);

The reorganization of the Group’s GBU did not impact quantitative metrics other than for the recalculation of 2024 metrics based on the new GBU organization for comparison with 2025 data;

• within two years, for the medium term, (MTP);

• beyond three years, for the long term.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Other transitional provisions applied to speci ˱c topics: the Group has chosen to apply the transitional provisions provided by ESRS 1 under Appendix C, as extended by the “Quick Fix” Delegated Act, on a case-by-case basis (for more information, see Section 3.1.5.2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the Sustainability Statement).

For greenhouse gas (GHG) emission forecasts, the Group implements a medium-term CO 2 plan extending to 2030 – a key milestone in the Group’s climate targets and beyond the ˱nancial MTP horizon. It then evaluates a trajectory up to 2045 with ˱ve-year milestones in 2035 and 2040.

Changes in the presentation of information [BP‑2 13]

Use of estimates and judgments [BP-2 11]

The Sustainability Statement provides metrics for the reporting period, the previous reporting period and baseline years where necessary.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Incorporation by reference [BP-2 16]

This Section incorporates certain information by reference which is presented in a cross-reference table. This table crossreferences the information mentioned in the respective sections of this Section with the corresponding sections of another Section (see Section 3.1.5 Appendices).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Additional general information is provided in the thematic sections [Appendix C]

The preparation of certain information requires the use of estimates and assumptions, particularly when determining certain monetary amounts or quantitative metrics. The sources of these estimates and their levels of uncertainty are provided in the relevant sections, for the assumptions used as well as the historical and forecast data. The material estimates made by the Group, inherent to certain calculation methodologies, mainly concern greenhouse gas emissions, in particular Scope 3 emissions related to purchases, customer emissions avoided by the Group’s offerings and products, atmospheric pollutant emissions (NOx, SOx and ˱ne particles) and hours worked by subcontractors.

To enhance the clarity of sustainability information, additional general information on governance (GOV), strategy (SBM) and impact, risk and opportunity (IRO) management is provided in other subsections of this Section. This information is given in each of the sections concerned.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition, given the lack of speci˱c provisions in the ESRS and the GHG Protocol, Engie chooses not to report the CO 2 emissions related to waste gas recovery services for a steelproducing customer in the Group's Scope 1 in accordance with ISO 14404:2024 – Calculation method of carbon dioxide emission intensity from iron and steel production.

As required by the CSRD, the Statutory Auditors have provided limited assurance on the completeness of the Sustainability Statement. In addition, a selection of environmental and social data is subject to reasonable assurance veri ˱cation by the Statutory Auditors. They can be identi˱ed by the ☐☐

Finally, for the calculation of Scope 3.11 “Use of sold products”, sales to customers who directly consume the fuel purchased are taken into account. This excludes sales to trading platforms, resellers, local distribution companies and other intermediaries.

pictogram in the Sustainability Statement. The de ˱nition of these metrics is available on request from the Group.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Use of the transitional provisions of the ESRS by ENGIE [ESRS 1 10.4 – Appendix C]

3.1.1.2 Strategy – Business Model – Value Chain [SBM-1]

3.1.1.2.1 Business model

Under the Omnibus Regulation, the Stop the Clock Directive and the Quick Fix Delegated Act, the Group has chosen to adopt the following measures provided for in the transitional provisions of ESRS 1:

[SBM-1 38, 39a, 40ai, aii, aiii, b, e, f, 42]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Value chain [BP-1 5c]: The Group will comply with the 2027 deadline in both quantitative and qualitative terms. Currently, this Sustainability Statement relies where necessary on estimates for disclosures on the Group’s upstream or downstream value chain, as indicated previously. These estimates are detailed in the relevant sections, with their de ˱nition, calculation method, precision level and, where appropriate, the means envisaged to improve them;

[Page 82] A BUSINESS MODEL THAT SUPPORTS THE ENERGY TRANSITION

Target

Resources

Be the best energy transition utility by 2030

Financial capital

CHAP 6

A major challenge

• Equity

• Net financial debt

Industrial capital

Supply customers who request it with 24/7 carbon-free electricity

CHAP 6

• Growth CapEx

2030 ambitions

• Maintenance CapEx

• Electricity and biogas production plants

95 GW of renewable production and storage capacity in 2030

50 TWh of biomethane capacity connected to French networks in 2030

• Gas distribution and transport networks

20 TWh of local green energy production in 2030

10,000 km of electricity transmission networks in 2030

• Electricity transmission networks

10 TWh of biomethane production in 2035

• DHC networks

300 TWh of electricity sales in 2030 (B2B and B2C)

Intellectual capital

4 GW of hydrogen production in 2035

CHAP 1

An integrated model*

• Laboratories and research programs

• Startup investment funds

RENEWABLES & FLEX POWER

Human and social capital

CHAP 3 ESRS-S1 to S2

SUPPLY & ENERGY MANAGEMENT Optimize Group asset operations and provide all customers with reliable, sustainable energy

Increase renewable energy capacity and improve energy system flexibility

• Employees and subcontractors

• Skills and talent

4

Natural capital

CHAP 3 ESRS-E2 to E5

• Gas

Activities built around 4 core businesses

• Water

• Biomass

NETWORKS

LOCAL ENERGY NETWORKS

Ways of working

Decarbonizing industries and cities

• Focus on business

Accelerate the development of electricity networks and continue to adapt gas networks to green molecules

• Prioritize

• Commit to deliver

• Collaborate

• Engage

Based on 4 complementary activities

Production Flexibility Centralized and local networks Supplies

* Organizational model in place since February 1, 2025

80 ENGIE — Universal registration document 2025

[Page 83] Our purpose

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

“Act to accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, through low-energy solutions that are more respectful of the environment. This purpose brings together the company, its employees, customers and shareholders and reconciles economic performance and positive impact on people and the planet. ENGIE's action is assessed in its entirety and over time.”

Value creation

Contribution

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CHAP 3 ESRS-S1

People 2030 objectives

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Women in management 40%-60%

• Gender pay gap <2%

1.5

• Lost time work-related injury rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Planet

CHAP 2 ESRS-E1

Decarbonizing operations 2030 objectives

• GHG emissions for energy production (Scopes 1 and 3) 26-36 Mt CO2 eq.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Share of renewable energies in electricity production (at 100%) 58% - 66%

Decarbonizing customers

• Emissions avoided by customers thanks to ENGIE’s products and services 65-85 Mt CO2 eq.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Decarbonizing suppliers

100%

• Percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CHAP 6

Profit 2026-2028 objectives

• EBIT (excluding nuclear) €8.7-11.3bn

• Net recurring income, Group share €4.6-5.8bn

[Page 84] 3.1.1.2.2 Value chain [SBM-1 38, 39, 40ai, aii, aiii, b, e, f, 42]

SCOPE 2 & SCOPE 3 (UPSTREAM)

Sourcing

Purchasing of products and services

ESG issues related to sourcing

• Sustainable procurement • Business ethics • Health & safety

• Energy solutions • Wind and solar • Equipment and services • IT, digital and customer management • Overheads

• Biodiversity and ecosystems • Natural resources • Circular economy • Human rights

Energy purchasing

SCOPE 1

• Own use • Sales

Operations

ESG issues related to operations

• Climate change (GHG reduction and adaptation) • Water • Pollution • Biodiversity and ecosystems • Human rights and stakeholders • Health & safety

• Skills and talent • Working conditions and social dialogue • Business ethics • Stakeholders • Just transition • Industrial safety • Cybersecurity, security

Production

Networks

Supplies

Assets operated

Agreements for...

Owned and operated assets or assets operated under concession contracts

Centralized

Sales

LNG terminals

LNG storage and vaporization

• Electricity: renewable, nuclear • Renewable gas

Transport/transmission networks

• Electricity • Gas • Heating and cooling • Energy certificates

Decentralized

Gas, electricity, new gases (H2, CO2)

Risk management

Gas, electricity

Distribution networks

• Electricity: solar panels, wind power • On-site heating and cooling • Renewable gas

Energy performance solutions

Gas, electricity, heating and cooling networks

Water

Charging stations

Desalination

Consumption management, low-carbon transition, maintenance

Electricity

Peak power plants – Gas

Underground storage – Gas and H2

Managing on-site demand – Demand side on-site

Pumped storage – Hydropower

Batteries – Electricity

Batteries – Electricity

Batteries – Electricity

Flexibility

SCOPE 3 (DOWNSTREAM)

Customers

Customer ESG issues

• Just transition • Protection of personal data

• GHG emission reduction • Business ethics • Human rights, consumers and end-users

BtoB - Business

BtoT - Territories

BtoC - Customers

• Individuals • Small business owners

• Local authorities • Cities • Other: universities, hospitals, etc.

• Giants* • Industrial groups • SMEs/SMIs • Other energy companies: suppliers, network shippers, etc.

* The Giants segment includes large, complex energy consumers that require special attention to manage energy risks.

[Page 85] Information on the Group’s strategy is given in Section 1.2. The diagrams above describe the Group’s value chain and its business model respectively.

buildings. The GBU also provides: a decarbonization advice service, a range of operational services with the operation and maintenance of installations producing and distributing heat and cold in buildings.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The GBU operates in two geographic areas: Europe, with ˱ve priority countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Poland), and Asia & Middle East.

The GBU sources its supplies from industrial groups that manufacture or install energy network equipment or provide digital services.

The Renewable & Flex Power GBU develops, builds, ˱nances, operates and maintains renewable power generation, power storage and ˳exible thermal assets. It focuses mainly on six technologies: hydroelectricity, solar power, onshore wind power, offshore wind power, battery storage collocated with a renewable asset and combined cycle gas turbines (CCGT). It operates in four geographic areas: Europe, North America, South America and the AMEA region (Asia, the Middle East and Africa).

Its main customers include cities, local authorities, industrial companies, the service sector and collective housing.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Supply & Energy Management (S&EM) GBU optimizes the operation of ENGIE’s energy assets and ensures reliable, sustainable energy supply for customers. Its main activities cover three ˱elds:

Most of the future investments of the Renewables GBU will be focused on the ˱ve priority markets – namely France, Brazil, Chile, the United States and offshore wind. There will be increased ambition in the AMEA region (Asia, Middle East and Africa), particularly in India and South Africa.

Asset optimization : S&EM optimizes energy assets (electricity, gas, LNG, biomethane, biomass) by managing market access, dispatching, procurement, transport, storage and the monetization of asset ˳exibility.

The Renewable & Flex Power GBU’s supply chain consists of renewable energy production equipment suppliers and installers, as well as thermal equipment suppliers for constructing and maintaining its facilities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The GBU’s main customers are local authorities, industries, businesses and residential customers who own the land on which the installations are located.

Energy and service supply : S&EM guarantees the security of the supply of natural gas, green gas and low-carbon gas (e.g., biomethane and hydrogen), and electricity for a diverse customer base.

Risk management : S&EM manages the risks associated with physical and ˱nancial energy portfolios through hedging strategies and market expertise.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Networks GBU is responsible for developing, operating and maintaining gas networks (distribution and transport networks, storage and LNG terminals) and electricity networks, as well as the production of biomethane and hydrogen, in France and target countries.

The GBU operates worldwide, speci˱cally in six countries: France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Romania, Italy and Australia for B2C supply and in 12 countries for B2B supply.

Its main customers are:

• other Group entities;

The four LNG terminals are located in France and Chile. Storage sites are located in France, Germany, Romania and the United Kingdom. Transport is provided in France, Brazil and Mexico. Distribution to residential customers is provided in Europe and Mexico.

• energy consumers (industries and businesses);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• distributors and resellers in the energy sector;

• trading companies and investment funds;

• residential customers and small businesses.

The Networks GBU’s strategy is to ensure the operational performance of infrastructure, adapt it for renewable gases and accelerate the production of biomethane and, more broadly, low-carbon gases in France and several targeted international countries, as well as to develop international power grids.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GBU obtains its energy supplies from energy trading platforms, the Group’s energy assets and from a number of historical gas suppliers, notably in Norway, Algeria, Middle East and the United States.

The Networks GBU sources its supplies from major industrial companies that manufacture and install pipes, gas compression, treatment and metering stations, biogas production and injection (1) installations, and electricity pylons and networks.

Its customers are the shippers who transport their gas or electricity, and the end-consumers who connect to the distribution or transport networks.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Nuclear operating entity is dedicated to the operational management of the two nuclear reactors in Belgium and the rights held by EDF’s two power plants in France. The initial legal framework provided for the gradual withdrawal from the operation of nuclear power plants in Belgium between 2022 and 2025. Following a decision dated March 18, 2022, the Belgian government decided to take the necessary measures to extend the operating life of two reactors, Doel 4 and Tihange 3, by 10 years, until 2035.

This activity sources its uranium mainly from a major player in the sector, and from industrial groups specializing in nuclear equipment.

This activity supplies electricity to Electrabel customers and on the wholesale electricity market.

The Other-Tractebel business provides engineering and consulting services to private and public sector customers in 40 countries, offering integrated solutions in the ˱elds of energy, water and infrastructure.

The Local Energy Infrastructures GBU supports its customers in decarbonizing and managing their energy consumption. The solutions proposed are divided into three categories: local energy networks, on-site energy production, and energy management and performance services. Local energy networks produce and deliver ˱nal energy (heating, steam, cooling, electricity) to several users by optimizing the use of green energies available in the area (biomass, geothermal, thermal solar, etc.), while developing highly energy-ef˱cient technologies. On-site energy production depends on networks that produce on a site-wide scale (industrial or service sites) via lowcarbon utilities of the ˱nal energy required for its operation (heating, cooling, electricity, steam, compressed air, etc.). The GBU develops, modernizes and operates these networks. It offers customers contracts with commitments to reduce the energy consumption and associated CO 2 emissions of their

(1) This term is used as de ˶ned in the glossary in Section 7.9.

[Page 86] Revenues

(in millions of euros) France Rest of Europe Latin America North America

Asia, Middle East and Africa Other Total

2024 2,907 1,934 4,034 325 1,197 1 10,398

Renewable & Flex Power

2025 2,180 2,270 4,061 604 744 (0) 9,860

Networks 2024 5,719 744 769 4 7,236

2025 6,257 796 935 4 7,992

2024 5,569 2,887 246 199 8,900

Local Energy Infrastructures

2025 5,474 2,960 224 173 8,831

2024 18,008 20,201 503 3,330 2,524 150 44,717

Supply & Energy Management

2025 15,118 20,561 612 3,481 2,643 81 42,495

Nuclear 2024 68 68

2025 539 539

2024 581 205 38 650 198 821 2,492

Other activities and Tractebel

2025 600 203 33 470 153 766 2 226

NB: The amounts shown in the table are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

[SBM-1 40d] Revenues from coal and natural gas activities (excluding energy trading and ˱nancial activities) amounted to €0.5 billion and €17.3 billion, respectively, in 2025, compared to €0.6 billion and €16.6 billion in 2024. The portion of revenues from products or services using fossil gaseous fuels and associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities totaled €175 million in 2025, compared to €100 million in 2024.

Workforce France Rest of Europe Latin America North America Asia, Middle East and Africa Total

2024 3,195 1,840 2,035 446 1,517 9,033

Renewable & Flex Power

2025 3,290 1,922 2,054 455 1,307 9,028

Networks 2024 17,095 3,207 1,798 4 3 22,107

2025 16,819 3,267 1,912 5 3 22,006

2024 14,520 11,008 502 1,892 7,552 35,474

Local Energy Infrastructures

2025 12,483 10,454 512 1,574 5,673 30,696

2024 3,173 4,546 26 476 1,950 10,171

Supply & Energy Management

2025 3,155 4,306 130 486 320 8,397

Nuclear 2024 2,096 2,096

2025 2,054 2,054

2024 8,527 6,289 2,011 474 1,786 19,087

Other activities and Tractebel

2025 8,438 5,783 2,214 419 2,154 19,008

[Page 87] 3.1.1.2.3 Interests and views of stakeholders [SBM-2]

[SBM-2 43] ENGIE has made stakeholder dialogue a key element of its business conduct. This dialogue drives the Group’s policy of engagement with its stakeholders, and is based on a structured approach that has been tried and tested in the ˱eld and bene˱ts from feedback from past experience.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-2 45a] The Group has identi ˱ed eight categories of stakeholders and adapts its dialogue to their speci˱c requirements.

Stakeholders Means of cooperation and organization of dialogue Purposes of the discussions

[SBM-2 45a i] [SBM-2 45a ii, iii] [SBM-2 45a iv, v]

1) CUSTOMERS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Marketing studies, consumer panel

• Understanding customer needs

Residential, professional, business and local authority customers

• Responses to customer consultations

• Co-constructing offerings

• Satisfaction surveys

• Satisfying customers (satisfaction index (NPS))

• Mediation space (ENGIE and energy mediators)

• Resolving as many complaints as possible

2) SUPPLIERS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Consultations via calls for tender

• Choosing the best suppliers using multi‑criteria approaches

Key, strategic, preferred, major and other suppliers

• Discussions on ESG performance via ECOVADIS ratings and the audit of certain suppliers

• Selecting and encouraging the most sustainable suppliers

• Business review by supplier

• Procurement Forum (Supplier Days)

• Preventing risks (shortages, monopolies, economic fragility, forced labor, etc.)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Establishing a Vigilance Plan

3) EMPLOYEES

• Conducting quality social dialogue

Group employees and their representatives:

• The European Works Council (EWC), the French Group Works Council, and Local Representative Bodies

• Signing national, European and global collective bargaining agreements

• World Forum

Employee representative bodies at a local, national or European level

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Monitoring the proper implementation of agreements

• ENGIE & ME engagement survey

• Strengthening employee engagement

• Internal innovation competition (One ENGIE Awards)

• Reinforcing employee shareholding with the Link employee share ownership plan

• Meetings with management on speci ˱c topics (managerial safety visits, business conferences, etc.)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4) REGIONS

Regions:

• Responses to consultations

• Sharing the Group’s beliefs

• Responsible and transparent lobbying

• Participation in working groups and think tanks

Local, national, European and international authorities, regulators and bodies

• Launching partnerships with regional authorities

5) INDUSTRIAL PARTNERS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Industrial partners:

• Calls for projects

• Developing projects with innovative and responsible partners

Major groups, SMEs, start-ups

• Support for innovative players via the ENGIE New Ventures investment fund

• Implementing projects on time and on budget, and providing feedback

[Page 88] Stakeholders Means of cooperation and organization of dialogue Purposes of the discussions

[SBM-2 45a i] [SBM-2 45a ii, iii] [SBM-2 45a iv, v]

6) FINANCIAL PARTNERS

• Financing and investing in projects with robust, responsible partners

Banks, insurance companies, investors, ˱nancial analysts and rating agencies

• Organization of roadshows or investor meetings (Capital Market Day, Investor Days)

• Responses to rating agency evaluation questionnaires

• Meeting the ˱nancial and non-˱nancial performance requirements expected by the market

7) SHAREHOLDERS

Institutional and individual shareholders • Institutional shareholder meetings (governance roadshows)

• Building shareholder loyalty and meeting their pro ˱tability and performance requirements

• Individual shareholder meetings (meetings, investment fairs, etc.)

• Sharing the Group’s purpose, its strategy, execution and results

• Annual Shareholders’ Meeting

• Presenting and discussing Shareholders’ Meeting resolutions

• Individual shareholders’ club (site visits, business line meetings)

8) CIVIL SOCIETY

• General public information meetings

• Long-term anchoring of ENGIE projects and activities (license to operate)

• Consultations and meetings, particularly with indigenous peoples

NGOs, associations, local residents, communities, indigenous peoples, professional organizations, the academic community

• Responding to the warnings and fears of civil society (controversies)

• Stakeholders’ Committee

• Dialogue and transition forum

• Scienti ˱c committee

• Respecting the rights and customs of affected communities and indigenous peoples potentially impacted by the Group’s activities

• Developing partnerships with the academic world (chairs, theses, etc.)

• Involving the Group in international initiatives in line with its purpose

[Page 89] ENGIE’s engagement with its stakeholders at the operational level is based on several tools:

• a Group objective, i.e., that 100% of its activities, including projects and sites being shut down, will be covered by an engagement plan by 2030, alongside the relevant stakeholders;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• an annual self-assessment, by the operating entities, of their level of engagement with stakeholders, using a Group reference framework based on the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard – a standardized approach to stakeholder management within the Group;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-2 45d] Meetings between the various levels of the Group’s organization (local, regional, national, Group) and its stakeholders provide ongoing information for management and governance bodies. The main controversies are regularly reported to the Executive Committee and at each meeting of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC), prior to Board of Directors meetings. The Stakeholder Committee, which each year brings together several members of civil society to discuss the Group’s strategic choices and projects, organized a meeting on January 27, 2025 in the presence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer. The discussion provided an opportunity to share the results of the double materiality assessment and collect feedback from participants which will be taken into account during the next double materiality exercise.

• a toolbox made available to entities, which structures the stakeholder engagement process in six stages: context analysis, mapping of stakeholders, identi ˱cation of their relevant matters, development of an action plan, monitoring and evaluation of its impact;

• an in-house training program run by ENGIE University, aimed primarily at project managers and business developers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE takes into account the views of the stakeholders affected as much as possible when executing its projects, taking care not to jeopardize their economic stability. For example, when extending wind farms that have reached the end of their service life, the renewal or repowering of turbines avoids any increase in land use, which is a sensitive parameter in these areas.

[SBM-2 45b] At the end of 2023, the double materiality assessment helped to gather the main stakeholders’ interests and views on the environmental, social and governance matters related to the Group’s activities. These consultations led to a broad convergence of views on the prioritization of environmental and social matters, with the prioritization resulting from the work on quantifying social and environmental impacts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 90] 3.1.1.2.4 Sustainability objectives and their assessment in relation to the business model and stakeholders [SBM‑1 40 e, f]

The table below describes the Group’s ESG 2030 targets and details the activities, geographic areas and stakeholders they concern. The 2025 results are shown in Section 1.6.2.

Governance & standard

Targets 2030 targets

reviewed by ESRS

E1

Total Group GHG emissions, Scopes 1, 2 (location-based) and 3 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) (1) 120/140 EESDC

E1

Customer support: GHG emissions avoided by ENGIE offers and services (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 65/85 EESDC

E1

GHG emissions from energy generation, Scopes 1 and 3.15 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) ☐☐ 26/36 EESDC

E1

GHG emissions from commodity sales, Scopes 3.3.D and 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 63/83 EESDC

E1

of which GHG emissions relating to fuel sales, Scope 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 36/46 EESDC

E1

Percent reduction in methane emissions from gas infrastructure (Scope 1) vs. 2017 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) -50% EESDC

E1

Share of renewable energy capacity in the electricity production mix (at 100% and excluding energy storage) ☐☐ 58%/66% EESDC

E1

Percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE 100% EESDC

E1

GHG emissions relating to our ways of working (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 0 Executive Committee

E2

Percent reduction in NOx emissions vs. 2017 (92,209 t) -75% Executive Committee

E2

Percent reduction in SOx emissions vs. 2017 (159,623 t) -98% Executive Committee

E2

Percent reduction in total particle emissions vs. 2017 (7,353 t) -60% Executive Committee

E3

Reduction in freshwater consumption per energy produced (m 3 /MWh) 0.1 EESDC

E4

Percentage of all the Group’s industrial activities where ecological site management has been introduced, particularly without using chemical phytosanitary products 100% EESDC

S1

Lost Time Injury Rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors per million hours worked 1.5 EESDC

S1

Fatality rate per million hours worked each year 0 EESDC

S1

Percentage of women managers ☐☐ 40%/60% EESDC

S1

Gender pay gap <2% EESDC

S1

Percentage of apprentices in the workforce on permanent and ˱xed-term contracts in France excluding regulated entities GRDF and NaTran in France >10% EESDC

S1

Percentage of staff trained each year 100% EESDC

G1

Responsible procurement ratio (excluding energy purchases): CSR assessment and inclusive procurement 100 EESDC

S3

Percentage of activities with a societal plan for consultation with stakeholders 100% Executive Committee

G1

Percentage of employees most exposed to corruption risk who receive training >95% EESDC

Percentage of activities with an environmental plan established in consultation with stakeholders 100% EESDC

☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (1) Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based) and Scope 3.15 GHG emissions veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (2) In 2025, the Group modi ˶ed its target for decarbonizing non-energy purchases to extend the actions implemented with its suppliers to a larger share of the carbon footprint of the Group’s purchases.

[Page 91] Activities concerned Geographic areas Stakeholders concerned

Customers Other stakeholders

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewables

Centralized infrastructure

Local infrastructure and supply

Flexibility

Retail

S&EM

Nuclear

North America

South America

Europe

Asia, Middle East, Africa

BtoB & industrial partners BtoT BtoC Suppliers & subcontractors Employees Regions

Financial partners & shareholders Civil society

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 92] 3.1.1.3 ESG Responsibility Governance

3.1.1.3.1 The role and responsibilities of governance bodies [GOV-1]

Role and responsibility of the Board of Directors relating to sustainability issues

[GOV-1 20c, GOV-1 23a] The expertise and skills of governance bodies with regard to sustainability matters are presented in Section 4.1.1.7 in the table entitled “Individual key areas of expertise of Directors”. The training of Directors is covered in Sections 4.1.1.9 and 4.1.2.3.

Role and responsibilities of Executive Management

[GOV-1 20; GOV-1 21a, b, c, d, e] The organization and operation of the Group’s corporate governance are described in Section 4.1. More speci ˱cally:

[GOV-1 20] Executive Management is presented in Section 4.1.3

• Sections 4.1.1 and 4.1.1.7 refer to the composition and diversity of the Board of Directors;

• Section 4.1.2 refers to the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors;

• Section 4.1.1.7 refers to the expertise and skills of the Board of Directors;

[GOV-1 22a, b, ci, cii, ciii, d] Most Executive Committee members are experts in one or more matters related to material IROs, as illustrated in the double materiality assessment in [IRO-1 53d] . These experts validate the objectives and monitor the progress of the action plans associated with these material IROs before any presentation to the EESDC and subsequently to the Board of Directors.

• Section 4.1.3 refers to Executive Management.

[GOV-1 20b] [GOV-1 22a] The work of the Board of Directors has been prepared by the committees on the basis of their speci ˱c expertise:

• the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC) reviews the impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs), their in ˳uence on the business model and strategy, and the policies, action plans and associated objectives;

In 2025, oversight of the production and quality control procedures for sustainability information was carried out by the CSRD Audit Steering Committee under the joint responsibility of the Finance and ESG Departments. An Operational Committee comprising the Group’s key stakeholders monitored all work and the progress of action plans to improve disclosures. The roadmap for adapting the internal control system for sustainability information is currently being developed (see Section 3.1.1.5.2 Internal control of the Sustainability Statement).

• the Audit Committee monitors all key ˱nancial and sustainability performance indicators and, more generally, the process of producing sustainability information;

[GOV-1 23] In 2024, dedicated sessions on sustainability matters were organized for Executive Committee members. No further sessions were held in 2025.

• the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee (ACGC) reviews the de ˱nition and monitoring of management compensation incentives linked to the Group’s ESG performance.

[Page 93] 3.1.1.3.2 Incentives for management bodies [GOV-3]

[GOV-3 29a, e] The presentation of incentive mechanisms, their approval and updating procedures are detailed in Section 4.2.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[GOV-3 29b, c] The chart below summarizes the proportion of criteria selected as targets for 2025 and those proposed for 2026. Non- ˱nancial criteria include ESG criteria. Individual objectives are not necessarily of a non-˱nancial nature (e.g., business objectives). They are de˱ned according to the prerogatives of each Executive Committee member or other senior executive. These developments concern the following points:

ANNUAL VARIABLE COMPENSATION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVES FOR 2025

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Executive Committee Members Senior Executives

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Executive Committee Members Senior Executives and other beneﬁciaries

15.00%

GHG emissions corresponding to entire carbon footprint 15.00%

Strategic and operational targets

Individual targets 25.00%

Individual targets 25.00%

35% 30%

Safety 7.00%

Renewable energy capacity 5.00%

10.00%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

7.00%

Female managers

Safety 3.30%

GHG emissions from production and sale of commodities

Safety 5.00%

GHG criteria min. 10% GHG criteria min. 10%

GHG emissions 3.30%

5.00%

3.30%

Recruitment of female managers 6.00%

Recruitment of female managers

Recruitment of female managers

16.25%

16.25%

Free cash ﬂow

Free cash ﬂow

Free cash ﬂow

35.00%

ROACE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

16.25%

16.25%

EBIT

EBIT

EBIT

65%

65% 65% 70%

16.25%

16.25%

NRIgs

NRIgs

Annual variable compensation components 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

35.00%

TSR (1)

Long-term incentive components for 2025 vesting in 2028

16.25%

16.25%

Other potential ﬁnancial KPIs

Economic net debt

Economic net debt

Non-ﬁnancial criteria Financial criteria

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Compared to Eurostoxx, Utilities index.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 94] PROPOSED ANNUAL VARIABLE COMPENSATION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVES FOR 2026

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Executive Committee Members Senior Executives

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer Executive Committee Members Senior Executives and other beneﬁciaries

15.00%

GHG emissions corresponding to entire carbon footprint 15.00%

Strategic and operational targets

Individual targets 25.00%

Individual targets 25.00%

35% 30%

Safety 7.00%

Renewable energy and storage capacity 5.00%

10.00%

7.00%

Female managers

Safety 3.30%

GHG emissions from production and sales of commodities

Safety 5.00%

GHG emissions 3.30%

ESG criteria min. 10% ESG criteria min. 10%

5.00%

3.30%

Recruitment of female managers 6.00%

Recruitment of female managers

Recruitment of female managers

16.25%

16.25%

Free cash ﬂow

Free cash ﬂow

Free cash ﬂow

35.00%

ROACE

16.25%

16.25%

EBIT

EBIT

EBIT

65%

65% 65% 70%

16.25%

16.25%

NRIgs

NRIgs

Annual variable compensation components 2026

35.00%

TSR (1)

Long-term incentive components for 2026 vesting in 2029

16.25%

16.25%

Other potential ﬁnancial KPIs

Economic net debt

Economic net debt

non-ﬁnancial criteria Financial criteria

(1) Compared to Eurostoxx, Utilities index.

3.1.1.3.4 Statement on due diligence [GOV-4]

[GOV-3 29d] The target proportion of variable compensation dependent on non- ˱nancial targets is 35% for the Chief Executive Of˱cer, other members of the Executive Committee and other senior executives.

The target proportion of long-term incentive compensation dependent on non-˱nancial objectives is 30% for the Chief Executive Of˱cer, the other Executive Committee members and the other senior executives.

3.1.1.3.3 Involvement of governance bodies [GOV-2]

In accordance with French Act no. 2017-399 of March 27, 2017 on the duty of vigilance of parent companies and contractors, ENGIE publishes a Vigilance Plan (see Section 3.2). This plan brings together all the measures implemented by ENGIE to identify and prevent the risks of negative impacts on people and the environment associated with its activities and those of its controlled companies, as well as the activities of its subcontractors or suppliers with whom it has an established business relationship. Information on the due diligence process provided in the Sustainability Statement is detailed in the cross-reference table in Appendix 3.1.5.4.

[GOV-2 24, 25, 26a, b, c] The way in which governance bodies are informed about sustainability matters and how said matters were addressed throughout 2025 is presented in Section 4.1.2.4 in the tables setting out the “Main tasks and activities in 2025” for each Committee.

[Page 95] 3.1.1.4 Double materiality process

3.1.1.4.1 Description of the methodology [IRO-1]

The work performed for the double materiality analysis was based on:

• the Group’s expertise in assessing ESG matters and their impact;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the expertise of an external consulting ˱rm to ensure the robustness of the methodology deployed;

• the mobilization of its internal and external stakeholders, who were consulted as detailed below.

Determination of IROs and their materiality [IRO-1 53a, b]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE’s material IROs were determined in three stages:

[IRO-1 51, 52] Between the end of 2023 and mid-2024, the Group carried out a double materiality assessment of its ESG matters and the associated impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs). This analysis was based on gross IROs – i.e., before taking into account any policy or remedial action implemented by ENGIE to reduce the impact or risk. Carried out for the ˱rst time in accordance with ESRS standards, it has enabled the Group to complete and deepen the materiality assessment used in the past. This ˱rst ESRS double materiality assessment will be updated to take account of any major events or additional analyses that could have an impact on the results of the double materiality assessment.

1) identi ˱cation of the main ESG topics or matters for ENGIE;

2) identi˱cation of potentially material IROs associated with these matters;

3) assessing the materiality of IROs and selecting material IROs.

These steps are detailed below.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Step 1 – Identi ˶cation of the main sustainability matters relevant to ENGIE

The ESRS-1 standard calls for two parallel analyses to be carried out: on the one hand, that of the positive or negative, actual or potential, short-, mediumor long-term impacts of the company’s activity on the environment or society: i.e., impact materiality ; and on the other, that of their effects, risks or opportunities, actual or potential, short-, mediumor longterm, on the company’s ˱nancial performance: i.e., ˱nancial materiality . As impact materiality and ˱nancial materiality are generally interdependent, the links between these two dimensions are taken into account.

PRESENTATION OF DOUBLE MATERIALITY

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

...identifying and assessing the environmental and social impacts of operations and the upstream value chain...

Work to identify the material issues for ENGIE, the results of which were validated by the Executive Committee, was based on the Group’s previous materiality assessment, on the analysis of the ESRS thematic standards – in particular the list of ESRS topics and matters contained in Appendix AR 16 of ESRS 1 “Sustainability matters to be included in the materiality assessment” (1) – on ESG topics addressed by international reporting standards (GRI, SASB) and on a review of the practices of peers in the energy sector.

IMPACT MATERIALITY

The Group’s impacts on people and the environment

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This step pointed to 16 ESG matters relevant to ENGIE covered by the topical ESRS standards, with the exception of one matter entitled “Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety”, which was added and assigned to the business conduct matters. This matter is not covered by the ESRS (AR 16) but is of great importance.

FINANCIAL MATERIALITY

Risks and opportunities affecting the Group's financial performance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

as well as identifying and assessing the financial consequences of these impacts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) In accordance with EFRAG’s FAQ “ID 177 – AR 16 to DP mapping”, appendix AR 16 must be effectively taken into account when assessing materiality, without necessarily assessing the materiality of each sub-topic or sub-sub-topic.

[Page 96] BREAKDOWN OF THE MATTERS RELEVANT TO ENGIE BY ESRS TOPICAL STANDARDS

ESRS standards Why these matters are relevant to ENGIE Supervision by an Executive Committee member

ESRS E1

Climate change Climate change adaptation Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement Climate change mitigation and energy transition

ESRS E2

Pollution Pollution of air, water and soil Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement

ESRS E3

Water and marine resources Preservation of freshwater resources Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement

ESRS E4

Biodiversity and ecosystems Ecosystem degradation and biodiversity loss Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement

ESRS E5

Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement

Resource use and circular economy Resource management: waste reduction and development of circularity

ESRS S1

Own workforce Working conditions and social dialogue Executive Vice President in charge of Human Resources and Corporate Diversity, equity and inclusion

Talent and skills

Health & safety (of employees and temporary workers) Executive Vice President in charge of Transformation & Geographies and Nuclear Production

Workers in the value chain Working conditions in the value chain

ESRS S2

Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement

Health & safety in the value chain

Executive Vice President in charge of Transformation & Geographies and Nuclear Production

ESRS S3

Affected communities Engagement with affected communities Executive Vice President in charge of the Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs and Communication

ESRS S4

Consumers and end-users Inclusion of consumers and/or end-users Executive Vice-President in charge of the Supply & Energy Management GBU

ESRS G1

Business conduct Ethics and business conduct Executive Vice President in charge of the Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs and Communication

Sustainable procurement Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement

Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety (1) Executive Vice President in charge of Data, Digital & IT, Strategy and Research & Innovation,

Executive Vice President in charge of the Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs and Communication,

Executive Vice-President in charge of Transformation & Geographies, Nuclear and Tractebel

(1) Matters speci ˶c to ENGIE that are not listed in the ESRS (AR-16).

Step 3 – IRO materiality assessment

Step 2 – Identi ˶cation of the IROs associated with the 16 ESG matters

After drawing up a list of potentially material IROs, ENGIE determined their materiality in two stages: their rating and then the determination of a materiality threshold.

[IRO-1 53] To identify the IROs associated with the 16 ESG matters, ENGIE mobilized several internal and external stakeholders, with the help of an external consulting ˱rm:

• “General information on the methodology chosen” workshop;

To assess the materiality of the impact and ˱nancial materiality, the main parameters below have been evaluated on a scale of 0 to 3, based essentially on qualitative factors:

• “Climate and circular economy” workshop;

• “Biodiversity, pollution and water” workshop;

• “Social and personal labor” workshop;

• “Value chain” workshop;

• “Governance” workshop.

• for the materiality of the impact: the scale and the scope for actual impacts, the irremediable character of the impact for actual negative impacts, and the likelihood of the impact for potential impacts. In the case of a potential negative impact, the severity of the impact takes precedence over its likelihood. This approach has been extended to all potential negative impacts, in addition to those affecting human rights. ENGIE has therefore chosen to raise the probability levels of these impacts from very rare to certain, to avoid probability that is too low, thus diminishing the severity of an impact;

These workshops, which brought together all the Group’s business units and geographies based on their business and their expertise in the matters identi ˱ed, made it possible to identify and consolidate an initial list of potentially material IROs. All GBU were represented in these workshops in order to take account of any speci˱cities existing in certain businesses or activities.

• for ˱nancial materiality: the current and future effects on the Company’s ˱nancial performance, by considering the likelihood of impact and the potential scale in parallel.

These IROs may concern ENGIE’s own activities and/or those of upstream or downstream stakeholders in its value chain.

[Page 97] The IRO rating involved:

[IRO-1 53e] The IRO ratings have been transposed in the ESG matters to which they relate, facilitating their appropriation by external stakeholders in particular.

• for social and environmental Impacts, participants in identi ˱cation workshops (company and GBU experts);

In this double materiality exercise, dependencies on nature are considered implicit in IROs associated with water consumption or pressure on resources.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• for ˱nancial Risks and Opportunities, experts from the Finance Department and the Risks and Insurance Department – in charge of the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) approach – supervised by the Strategy Department, particularly for Opportunities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Lastly, in order to include the interests and views of stakeholders (suppliers, customers, affected communities, civil society, employees, shareholders), ENGIE conducted individual interviews with them to ˱nd out what was most important to them in terms of social and environmental impacts with regard to sustainability matters. Only internal representatives of affected communities were directly questioned on the signi˱cance of the impacts. The external stakeholders have been selected by the Group’s sales, ˱nance and strategic functions on the basis of their main contacts.

With regard to Risks and Opportunities, speci˱c workshops were organized to assess the ˱nancial effect, IRO by IRO, to ensure consistency with the Group’s overall enterprise risk management methodology (ERM) and ˱nancial statements. Risks and Opportunities were assessed on the basis of a determined impact by an average between a current impact and a future impact (in the medium or long term). These impacts took into account the Group’s ˱nancial metrics (e.g.: EBIT, net debt or CAPEX) over a three-year period, in line with the Group’s Medium-Term Business Plan (MTP) to account for the residual risks affecting the Group’s activities, as presented in Chapter 2 Risk factors and internal control.

All these external consultations were carried out by an independent ˱rm without the presence of ENGIE, and were preceded by a brie˱ng on the context and method. Based on these interviews, the matters were classi˱ed into three categories, ranked from 1 (high priority) to 3 (low priority).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The illustration below compares ESG assessments for “civil society” on the one hand, and for customers and suppliers quali˱ed as “economic partners” on the other. The conclusions of both types of stakeholders are very much aligned with the results obtained.

COMPARATIVE ASSESSMENT OF ESG MATTERS BY CIVIL SOCIETY AND ECONOMIC PARTNERS

ESRS standards Matters Civil society Economic partners

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Climate change Adaptation to the consequences of climate change

ESRS E1

Climate change mitigation and energy transition

Pollution Pollution of air, water and soil

ESRS E2

Water and marine resources Preserving freshwater resources

ESRS E3

Biodiversity and ecosystems Ecosystem degradation and biodiversity loss

ESRS E4

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS E5

Resource use and circular economy Resource management: waste reduction and development of circularity

Own workforce/own workers Working conditions and social dialogue

ESRS S1

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Talent and skills

Health & safety (of employees and temporary workers)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Workers in the value chain Working conditions in the value chain

ESRS S2

Health & safety in the value chain

Affected communities Engagement with affected communities

ESRS S3

ESRS S4

Consumers and end-users Inclusion of consumers and/or end-users

Business conduct Ethics and business conduct

ESRS G1

Sustainable procurement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety

Priority 1: all stakeholders have identi ˶ed the subject as a priority. Priority 2: some but not all stakeholders have identi˶ed the subject as a priority. Priority 3: not prioritized by stakeholders during the consultation process.

[Page 98] Result of the double materiality approach

[IRO-1 53d] Appropriation of material IROs by the Group’s governance bodies

Under the supervision of the Executive Committee, ENGIE’s Executive Vice Presidents reviewed and validated the material IROs allocated to their areas of responsibility, as illustrated in the table in Step 1 Breakdown of the matters relevant to ENGIE by ESRS topical standards.

The application of the materiality threshold and the appropriation of material IROs by the Group’s governance bodies has enabled ENGIE to conclude its ˱rst double materiality exercise with a list of 77 material IROs. These material IROs were formally approved by the Executive Committee on April 12, 2024, then by the Board of Directors on September 24, 2024.

BREAKDOWN OF 77 IROS BY POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL GOVERNANCE TOTAL

27

25

17

13

11

11

10

8

8

6 6

4 3

3

2

0

Positive impacts Opportunities Negative impacts Risks

The Group’s objectives in this area are presented in Section 3.1.2.1.4.

[ESRS 1 104] During the double materiality assessment exercise, some Group subsidiaries identi ˱ed material IROs that are speci˱c to them due to their own activities, but which have not been identi˱ed as material at Group level:

[IRO-1 53 f] Opportunities were assessed with the help of the Finance and Strategy departments, notably to identify those that could have a ˱nancial impact.

Input values [IRO-1 53g, h]

The analysis and evaluation of IROs were based on consultation with stakeholders and three data sources:

1) ˱nancial thresholds for assessing risks and opportunities in the Group’s annual analysis of residual risks (ERM);

2) the previous materiality assessment carried out in 2020 as part of the Non-Financial Statement (NFRD directive);

3) data from a benchmark carried out in September 2023 on the double materiality approach of some of the Group’s peers.

Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by this Sustainability Statement [IRO-2]

• Electrabel: Electrabel SA, the Group’s Belgian subsidiary, operates the Doel and Tihange nuclear reactors in Belgium, and is now responsible solely for the management and storage of radioactive waste from the two sites, in accordance with the law. The production of nuclear electricity generates operational waste, waste from dismantling and spent radioactive fuel, which must be treated according to the hazards they represent, and then de ˱nitively stored and disposed of by the Belgian National Agency for Radioactive Waste and Enriched Fissile Material (ONDRAF). Dismantling has not yet begun (see Section 3.1.2.2.5). The agreement signed with the Belgian government on December 13, 2023, and the bill of April 26, 2024, provide a framework for Electrabel’s responsibility for waste management, including the setting of a lump sum for future nuclear waste treatment costs, transferring this obligation to the Belgian government. Electrabel will be responsible for packaging them in accordance with the contractual transfer criteria, before handing them over to ONDRAF.

The cross-reference table between the ESRS and the Group’s double materiality assessment, as well as the list of data points for cross-functional and thematic standards deriving from other EU legislation can be found in Section 3.1.5 Appendices.

• Energy networks: methane emissions have a material environmental impact, given the activities of the energy networks controlled or operated by the Group via independent subsidiaries (GRDF, GRTgaz, Storengy, Elengy and Distrigaz Sud).

[Page 99] 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities [SBM-3]

IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES (IROS) OF ENGIE

Type of IRO Impact on the value chain and time horizon Level of in ˳uence

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(Example:)

Own Operations

Downstream

Downstream Upstream

Risk

On the environment On people

Positive impact

Negative impact

Opportunities

Short term Long term

Medium

Very signiﬁcant/severe Signiﬁcant/severe

Medium

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

term

term

Characterization of impacts

Type of IRO Description

Activities concerned Level of in ˳uence Effects

Impact on the value chain and time horizon

Link with strategy and activities

E1

Adaptation to the consequences of climate change

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Increase in extreme events due to climate change: lower revenues (activity interruption) and higher costs (repairs, insurance, value chain, etc.). All

All

Regular and signi ˱cant changes in climate leading to a drop in energy production or demand: changes in rainfall, wind, temperatures or sunshine and reduced heat demand (e.g., lower gas sales to heating networks).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

E1

Climate change mitigation and energy transition

Infrastructures

Climate change due to GHG emissions generated by the combustion of fossil fuels for the production and sale of energy (mainly electricity and gas). Actual Direct Flexibility

Supply

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Production

Contribution to the decarbonization of customers through the sale of green products and services. Actual Direct Infrastructures

Supply

Accelerating the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, by developing renewable energies and ˳exible solutions. Actual Direct Production

Flexibility

Ensuring ENGIE’s public service mission via a robust and resilient value chain (supply, production, storage, distribution, etc.). Actual Direct All

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in national regulations or standards relating to the energy transition and climate, with repercussions on the Group’s activities. All

Infrastructures

Production

Supply

Low total gas demand in ENGIE’s gas activities (transport, distribution, storage, production and sales) and delays in conversion to green gas, leading to lower revenues and impairments (e.g., stranded assets).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Financing innovation through improved market conditions made possible by national government subsidies or regulatory changes (e.g., North America and IRA). All

All

Accelerating the production of renewable or decarbonized gas and electricity by increasing the size share of the market, which will translate into higher revenues: renewable electricity, nuclear, low-carbon gas (green H 2 , biomethane, e-methane), carbon capture (CCUS), etc.

All

Supporting the integrated energy player model, developing ˳exible solutions (BESS, pumped storage, CCGT) and expertise in energy markets to take advantage of energy and price volatility (renewable production, climate change, etc.).

[Page 100] Characterization of impacts

Type of IRO Description

Impact on the value chain and time horizon

Activities concerned Level of in ˳uence Effects

Link with strategy and activities

E2

Industrial pollution

Infrastructures

Soil and water pollution from direct operations with an impact on human health or ecosystems. Actual Direct Production

Flexibility

Infrastructures

Soil and water pollution, including raw material extraction areas, with an impact on human health or ecosystems as a result of the value chain. Actual Indirect Production

Flexibility

Flexibility

Air pollution generated by smoke emissions from thermal power plant combustion (NOx, SOx, PM and others), which may have an impact on human health and ecosystems. Actual Direct Production

Actual Direct Production

Infrastructures

Needs for ground surface on which to install solar, wind, battery or hydrogen power systems can help give polluted land new utility and generate income for restoration efforts.

Risk to the Group’s reputation in the event of an accident or poor management of pollution problems. Production infrastructure

Flexibility

Production

Infrastructures

Flexibility

Risk of ˱nes, penalties, compensation, even a slowdown of activity or loss of operating licenses due to non‑compliance with industrial pollution regulations and impact on the health of local communities.

Weakening or interruption of the supply chain and production due to the inability of partners to comply with environmental requirements. All

E3

Preserving water resources

Flexibility

Signi ˱cant use of fresh water to cool thermal and nuclear power plants and operate LNG terminals. Actual Direct Production

Infrastructures

Signi˱cant consumption of fresh water for the extraction of raw materials in the value chain, including fuels. Actual Indirect All

All

Slowdown, stoppage or reduction in pro˱tability due to constraints on the operation of production sites and industrial activities caused by water shortages, unsuitable river temperatures, con˳icts over water use, usage restrictions and increased regulatory requirements.

Flexibility

Fines and penalties for non-compliance with water use regulations. Production

Infrastructures

Growing demand for desalination projects that meet high environmental standards. Production

E4

Biodiversity and ecosystems

Flexibility

Impact of construction sites on habitats, wildlife (terrestrial and aquatic ecological continuity/land arti ˱cialization). Actual Direct Production

Infrastructures

Flexibility

Disturbance of terrestrial and aquatic environments/land arti˱cialization, related to the operation of industrial sites (including offshore wind farms, etc.). Actual Direct Production

Infrastructures

Destruction of biodiversity at raw material extraction and processing sites throughout the Group’s value chain. Actual Indirect All

[Page 101] Characterization of impacts

Type of IRO Description

Impact on the value chain and time horizon

Activities concerned Level of in ˳uence Effects

Link with strategy and activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Flexibility

Implementation of carbon storage projects with a positive impact on biodiversity and ecosystems (Nature-Based Solutions). Potential Direct Production

Infrastructures

Flexibility

Fines and penalties for non-compliance with environmental regulations relating to biodiversity. Production

Infrastructures

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Production

Flexibility

Infrastructures

Reduced pro ˱tability of projects due to stricter regulatory requirements, which may lead to projects being abandoned (e.g., potential obligations to implement compensation measures that are very costly or even impossible to implement, or the presence of protected species).

E5

Resource use and circular economy

Flexibility

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pressure on resources, con ˳icts over use and geopolitical issues (e.g., competition with the food sector for biomethane production, competition with wood, etc.). Actual Direct Production

Infrastructures

Actual Direct Production

Flexibility

Infrastructures

Reduction in demand for resources resulting from (i) lower energy demand due to energy ef˱ciency, (ii) eco-design of equipment and (iii) optimized operation of energy assets.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Infrastructures

Counterparty/supplier risk in the event of inability to honor contractual commitments on renewable energy projects due to supply constraints. Production

Supply

Flexibility

Increased costs for dismantling networks and treating the waste produced. Production

Infrastructures

Infrastructures

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Strong demand for heating and cooling networks and methanization using local resources (biomass, geothermal energy, waste heat, manure, etc.). Production

Production

Infrastructures

Reuse and modernization of Group networks to support the energy transition (e.g., coal converted to biomass, gas networks adapted to hydrogen and biogas (1) , wind turbines).

S1

Working conditions and social dialogue

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Potential Direct All

Deterioration of social dialogue and wage negotiations, particularly at a time of Group transformation/strategic development and/or changes in the laws and regulations applicable to its activities.

Actual Direct All

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Group employees may bene ˱t in the short, medium and long term from improved working conditions and fundamental rights, notably through the Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and Social Responsibility and protection, as well as through the Group’s energy transition efforts, which promote healthier and safer activities and working environments.

Legal risk (payment of ˱nes, legal costs and damages) in the event of non-compliance with regulations (workers’ rights). All

Uncontrolled increase in the cost of social bene˱ts granted to former employees (retirement pensions, etc.). All

(1) This term is used as de ˶ned in the glossary in Section 7.9.

[Page 102] Characterization of impacts

Type of IRO Description

Impact on the value chain and time horizon

Activities concerned Level of in ˳uence Effects

Link with strategy and activities

S1

Equity and diversity

Exposure of employees or job applicants to the risk of discrimination, harassment or prejudice in the workplace. Actual Direct All

The Group’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion, driving positive impacts on society. Actual Direct All

Legal risk (payment of ˱nes, legal costs and damages) in the event of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. All

S1

Talent and skills

Actual Direct All

Potential job losses related to the evolution of ENGIE’s business model, changes in the labor market and the introduction of disruptive technologies such as generative AI.

Development of employees’ skills to improve their employability and career development (e.g., sustainable transition, digitalization). Actual Direct All

Actual Direct All

ENGIE’s contribution to improving expertise and adapting its workforce to new professions, as well as integrating marginalized people through new work opportunities as part of its transformation.

All

Risk of mismatch between resources/skills and the positions to be ˱lled (risk of shortage of quali˱ed people, unavailability of ˳exible personnel to meet needs, loss of key skills in the event of departure, mobility or recruitment in unattractive locations).

S1

Health & safety of employees and temporary workers

Exposure of employees and temporary workers to risks likely to affect their physical integrity (accidents, health risks and work-related ill health). Actual Direct All

Exposure of employees and temporary workers to risks that may affect their psychological integrity (psychosocial risks). Actual Direct All

Legal risks ( ˱nes, costs of proceedings, damages) if the Company is found guilty. All

Risk to the Group’s reputation in the event of serious accidents (including industrial accidents) or allegations of serious incidents. All

S2

Health and safety of value chain workers

Exposure of value chain workers to risks that could affect their physical (accidents) and psychological (psychosocial risks, arduous work) integrity at ENGIE sites. Actual Direct All

Risk to the Group’s reputation in the event of serious accidents involving workers in the Company’s value chain. All

Improving ENGIE’s competitiveness when responding to calls for tender (speci ˱cations including health & safety). All

[Page 103] Characterization of impacts

Type of IRO Description

Impact on the value chain and time horizon

Activities concerned Level of in ˳uence Effects

Link with strategy and activities

S2

Workers in the value chain

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Participation in the violation of the fundamental rights and freedoms of value chain workers through the purchase of products or services from high-risk sectors. Actual Indirect All

Contribution to access to decent employment for value chain workers, particularly in activities associated with the just transition. Actual Indirect All

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Legal risk and risks to the Group’s reputation (payment of ˱nes, remediation costs, legal costs and payment of damages) in the event of a breach of duty of vigilance. All

S3

Affected communities

Impact of value chain activities on communities (activities upstream of Group supply chains). Actual Indirect Supply

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Flexibility

Impacts on communities due to industrial incidents. Actual Direct Production

Infrastructures

Impact of Group operations on community rights. Potential Direct Production

Flexibility

Infrastructures

Job creation and contribution to local wealth. Actual Indirect All

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Challenges to the license to operate and the risk of projects being halted or legal action taken by affected communities due to: (i) a climate of con ˳ict in which consultations and participatory meetings do not work (ii) a lack of social acceptability in the absence of suf˱ciently anticipated engagement with stakeholders, or in the event of disorganized or poorly coordinated dialogue, which can lead to a loss of commitment by stakeholders.

All

Operational, ˱nancial and legal risks (e.g., payment of ˱nes, legal costs and damages, litigation risks, loss or lack of access to World Bank or investor ˱nancing) in the event of (i) a major accident impacting affected communities, (ii) failure to respect the rights of indigenous peoples, or (iii) other impacts related to the duty of vigilance.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

S4

Consumers and end-users

Actual Direct Supply

Violation of con ˱dentiality and security in the processing of stakeholders’ personal information and data (protection and respect of privacy, freedom of expression, access to quality information, canvassing, forced sales), particularly in the monitoring of their energy consumption.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Enabling consumers and end-users to consume better (reduce their carbon footprint) thanks to green offerings or local R&R (recovery and renewable energy) solutions. Actual Direct Supply

Enabling our customers to consume less through our products, services and communications. Actual Direct Supply

Regulatory caps on energy prices on the stock market or on consumer prices, leading to a reduction in revenue (e.g., gas price caps). Supply

Development of new services and offerings to meet consumer needs and expectations. Supply

[Page 104] Characterization of impacts

Type of IRO Description

Impact on the value chain and time horizon

Activities concerned Level of in ˳uence Effects

Link with strategy and activities

G1

Ethics and business conduct

Economic damage due to non-compliance with anti-corruption legislation, competition law and/or embargoes and sanctions. Potential Direct All

All

Damage to the Company’s image, ˱nancial risk and legal risk due to major incidents of non-compliance with anti-corruption legislation, competition law and/or embargoes and sanctions.

G1

Sustainable procurement

Deterioration in the environmental and social qualities of alternative energy sources purchased in a context of market instability and resource scarcity. Actual Indirect Production Flexibility Supply

Actual Indirect All

Contribution to the dissemination of the Group’s ethical and sustainable practices by involving suppliers and partners in the Group’s sustainable development approach (e.g., selection of suppliers on the basis of ESG criteria, ESS suppliers or adapted companies, etc.).

Contributing to the solvency of our suppliers through our payment practices. Actual Direct All

Reduced competitiveness if competitors do not set the same standards in terms of ethical and sustainable practices. All

G1

Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety

Exposure of employees and value chain workers to security risks (armed con ˳ict, terrorism, social unrest, etc.) in certain regions where ENGIE operates. Actual Direct All

Flexibility

Major industrial and/or nuclear accidents, including incidents related to cyber attacks, affecting people, property and the environment. Potential Direct Production

Infrastructures

Continuity of essential services for users thanks to ef˱ciently secured, cyber-protected installations and sites. Actual Direct All

Damage to the Group’s reputation in the event of an industrial and/or nuclear accident, or a data breach or security incident resulting from a cyber attack. All

Current ˱nancial effects [SBM-3 48d]

Resilience of strategy and the business model [SBM-3 48f]

The current ˱nancial effects of ESG risks and opportunities on the Group has been taken into account in the ˱nancial statements and are described in Note 1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

Monitoring the achievement of objectives related to sustainability matters enables the Group to test the resilience of the underlying strategy and business model. In the event of signi ˱cant and lasting deviation, the Group will revise its targets or its action plan to better achieve them. Details of the strategy and action plans relating to these IROs are provided in the sections dedicated to speci˱c topics.

[Page 105] 3.1.1.5 Risk management system and internal control over sustainability reporting [GOV-5]

3.1.1.5.1 Sustainability risk management system

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For several years now, the Group has been reporting on climate-related risks and opportunities, as recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Risks related to sustainability matters are integrated into the Group’s overall Enterprise Risk Management Policy, which provides a speci ˱c framework for risk governance and control (see Section 2.1 Risk management process).

Materiality assessments are fully integrated into the risk management system.

Climate and sustainability risks and opportunities are directly related to the Group’s commitment to the energy transition, and are treated as an integral part of day-to-day operations.

3.1.1.5.2 Internal control of the Sustainability Statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, ENGIE continued to strengthen the control environment for the processes leading to the disclosure of sustainability statement information.

A risk-based approach has strengthened the control frameworks governing the processes for producing sustainability statements, particularly for environmental, societal and human resources information. At present, the control environment will be developed as part of a continuous improvement approach in line with the Group’s Internal Control Policy (see Section 2.3).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.2 Environmental information [ESRS E1 to E5]

3.1.2.1 Climate change [ESRS E1]

3.1.2.1.1 Climate impacts, risks and opportunities [IRO-1, SBM-3]

Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model [ESRS 2 SBM-3]

Results of the resilience analysis and its incorporation into economic strategy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[ESRS 2 SBM-3 19c] The results of the resilience analysis regarding risks are described in:

[ESRS 2 SBM-3 18] The list of ENGIE’s material climate-related physical and transition risks can be found in Section 3.1.1.4.2.

• Section 2.2.2 for physical risks;

Scope, methodology and assumptions of resilience analysis

• Section 2.2.3 for transition risks.

[ESRS 2 SBM-3 19a, 19b] The analysis of resilience to climate change risks covers the Group’s entire portfolio, in terms of both technologies and geographical footprint.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

It is carried out as part of the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, which is an iterative process conducted annually and based on periodically updated scenarios. A detailed description of the process, time horizons and scenarios used can be found in this section (section on IRO-1).

With regard to opportunities, modeling work on energy sector evolution scenarios identi ˱ed sectors deemed essential to the energy transition. ENGIE has positioned itself in those sectors to accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy. The phase-out of coal and the massive development of renewable generation capacity are two examples of the Group’s ability to adapt its strategy and business model to a changing system.

Analyses are also performed as part of the Group’s investment process (new projects):

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks, and opportunities [ESRS 2 IRO‑1]

• for physical climate risk, a sensitivity analysis to changes in energy production or demand and trends in extreme events is carried out;

The processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities on the Group’s activities and assets, and throughout its value chain, are described in Section 3.1.1 General disclosures.

• for climate impact, an assessment of the project’s key emissions and alignment with the Group’s climate targets is carried out.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 106] Identi ˶cation and assessment of climate impacts

Identi ˶cation, assessment and description of scenarios: focus on physical risks related to climate change

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 20b]

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 20a, AR 9b] ENGIE identi ˱es and measures annually the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions generated by its activities (Section 3.1.2.1.6.).

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 9a] To reduce its impact on climate change, ENGIE has set GHG emission reduction targets (Section 3.1.2.1.4.).

The ERM process is used to identify and (re)assess (new) risks that could affect the Group, in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Department.

Climate risk assessment integrated into the overall risk management policy

With particular reference to climate change adaptation, and after identi ˱cation by the operational teams, the risks were structured on the basis of Annex A of the European Green Taxonomy and then prioritized according to their relevance and the maturity of climate science. The ˱nal list of risks currently modeled by the Group and used in resilience analyses is as follows:

Extreme events

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 20] Assessments of climate risks and opportunities (physical and transition) are carried out in compliance with the ERM process and the corresponding guidelines de ˱ned by the Group’s Risk Management and Insurance Department (see Section 2.2.1.1) and are performed for each of the Group’s operating entities in its various geographies, with the support of the risk of˱cers of those entities, as follows:

Heat waves

Water stress Flooding Extreme winds

• for physical risks and opportunities, assessments are carried out by the site managers with the support of the Country Sustainability Of ˱cers and are documented in the speci˱c section of the climate change risk catalog;

Wildﬁres

Landslides

Heat stress Coastal erosion

• for transition-related risks and opportunities, assessments are carried out by the entities’ strategy departments and documented in the relevant sections of the risk catalog (de ˱nition and analysis of overall strategy, business environment, regulatory environment and technology).

Chronic trends in production/demand

The guidelines used by the climate risk analysis teams take into account the frequency, magnitude and duration of the hazards, as well as the exposure and vulnerability of the Group’s assets or activities, in order to determine the inherent risks.

Solar power Wind power Hydraulic power

Thermal power Demand for heating and cooling

Climate risks are examined in relation to speci˱c time horizons: short-term (<3 years), medium-term (4-6 years) and long-term (>6 years and up to 2050 and 2070). The last of these time horizons re˳ects the lifespan of certain industrial assets (which will be impacted by climate change), national/ EU/international regulations or agreements, and the transition period during which the Group will decarbonize its portfolio (Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions).

Metrics relating to trends in extreme events are “primary” metrics derived directly from the CMIP5, CMIP6 and CORDEX international climate models (see next paragraph).

By contrast, metrics for chronic production trends are the subject of speci˱c in-house modeling based on primary climate metrics.

Activity Trend modeling

Thermal generation (gas‑ ˱red power plants)

ENGIE has assessed the impact of climatic conditions on the performance (ef ˱ciency and output) and availability of these plants (based on temperature and river ˳ow thresholds to determine plant outages).

Hydro generation ENGIE uses hydro-climatic projections to assess production variations attributable to climate change. Projections by asset are based on simulated ˳ow rates and technical characteristics for the asset.

Solar generation The impact of climate change is calculated by taking into account changes in solar irradiation and temperature, which affect module performance.

Wind generation The impact of climate change is calculated using power curves (depending on turbine type/model) that relate wind speed to available power.

The effects of temperature are accounted for either by shutdown in the event of high temperatures or by a gradual decrease in production.

Demand for heating and cooling

Demand for heating and cooling is calculated based on heating and cooling degree days, population density, and assumptions about commercial and residential buildings. Domestic hot water demand is also included.

[Page 107] The main impacts of these risks on ENGIE’s activities are:

• the impact of extreme events on asset integrity;

The analysis of the impact of extreme events uses scenarios derived from the RCP scenarios and considers global warming potentials as follows:

• +1.5°C for assets ending between 2026 and 2040;

• the chronic impact of climate change on production trends and asset demand;

• +2°C for assets ending between 2041 and 2060;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• +3°C for assets ending after 2060.

• the impact of extreme events, particularly heat stress, on the health & safety of employees, temporary workers and subcontractors;

The +4.0°C warming level is used for sensitivity analyses.

• the impact of extreme events on local (access roads, adjacent power grids, etc.) and global supply chains.

Correspondence was made by following IPCC recommendations, see Table 4.5, Chapter 4 of the IPCC AR6 WGI report.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The data used for the analysis include the location of the asset (geographic coordinates), the type of site, and the type of operations carried out.

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 20b, 21] ENGIE uses scenario analysis to identify and assess physical risks. The exposure of the Group’s assets is modeled by a dedicated research team within ENGIE. Since 2019, the team has been working with external experts such as those from the Institut Pierre Simon Laplace (IPSL).

Scenario identi ˶cation, assessment and description: focus on transition risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The scenarios are based on the Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs), which are scenarios of radiative forcing pathways up to 2100. They were developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) for its Fifth Assessment Report on Climate Change (IPCC AR5).

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 20c] The process of identifying and assessing transition risks and opportunities begins with an analysis of the materiality of transition events based on the elements recommended by the CSRD and the Taskforce on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD) (https://www.fsb-tcfd.org/ recommendations/), including events related to policy and legal, technological, market and reputational developments.

ENGIE focuses primarily on the following two warming scenarios:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a central scenario, in which emissions stabilization at a low level before the end of the century (RCP 4.5): this scenario is used notably as a basis to analyze the exposure of the Group’s assets and operations. This scenario projects a temperature increase of between 2.4°C and 3°C by the end of the century compared with pre-industrial levels;

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 12a] The Risk Of ˱cers of the operating entities identify risks through discussions with the heads of their entities’ departments (Legal, Finance, ESG, etc.). The Chief Risk Of˱cers, who are members of the entities’ Management Committees, validate the risks submitted to them by the Risk Of˱cers and are responsible for the quality of the information provided.

The main transition events identi˱ed in the context of accelerating the pace of decarbonization, and European and global targets are:

• electri ˱cation of uses and ˳exibility;

• transition to decarbonized gases;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a pessimistic scenario in which GHG emissions increase at the current rate (RCP 8.5): This scenario is used notably for sensitivity analyses of the Group’s assets and operations. RCP 8.5 represents an extreme warming scenario in which GHG emissions continue to increase without signi ˱cant outcry in society for an ecological transition. This scenario projects global warming of 4°C or more by 2100, leading to severe and frequent climate impacts.

• energy-ef ˱cient building renovation and change of heating solutions.

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 12b] The exposure and vulnerability of the Group’s activities to transition events are taken into account in the transition risk analysis.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The analysis uses CMIP5 or CMIP6 (1) global models or CORDEX (2) regional models, as appropriate, all of which use IPCC scenarios as input data. Wherever possible, ENGIE uses bias-corrected data with respect to recent climate, in line with the IPCC’s work on the impacts of climate change. The use of bias-corrected data is crucial for anything that involves thresholds or absolute values. For example, in the case of wind power, ENGIE uses power curves that are highly dependent on these adjustments.

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 21, AR 13a, AR 13b] With regard to transition risks and opportunities related to climate change, the Group annually updates various energy scenarios including an Energy Transition scenario for Europe (15 countries) to 2050, in order to address current and future challenges and adapt its business model. The chosen projection horizon (2050) covers ENGIE’s entire decarbonization pathway (Net Zero 2045), as well as the systems in which the Group operates (e.g., goal of contributing to carbon neutrality in Europe by 2050).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) CMIP6 (or 5) is the 6 th (or 5 th ) phase of the Coupled Model Intercomparison Project, a global collaborative project of climate modelers whose work is a reference in terms of climate science models. (2) Coordinated regional Climate Downscaling Experiment. CORDEX uses the same assumptions and models as CMIP (joint work), but provides greater geographic granularity.

[Page 108] The scenarios are determined by the Group using internal forecasting models and are based on the following speci ˱c elements of the downstream value chain:

• forward market prices over the liquidity period for fuel, CO 2 and electricity in each market against a backdrop of volatile energy prices;

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 13b] ENGIE’s Net Zero scenario highlights the need to combine all renewable energy sources to ensure the resilience of the energy system and the competitiveness of European economies. Given the signi ˱cant interconnection of energy systems across Europe, the decarbonization pathway models integrate 15 European countries. ENGIE’s scenario uses the most relevant existing decarbonization levers, while leaving room for emerging technologies.

• beyond this period, mediumand long-term energy prices were determined by the Group based on macroeconomic assumptions and fundamental supply and demand equilibrium models (electricity demand, development of installed capacity, etc.), as well as mediumand long-term forecasts of fuel and CO 2 prices.

The scenarios are updated annually, and a central scenario is then used for medium-and long-term commodity projections, notably for gas and electricity, ˱nancial projections and asset values for impairment testing.

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 13c] The Net Zero decarbonization scenario for Europe therefore focuses on the integration of various renewable energy sources and the improvement of energy ef ˱ciency. The plan includes a reduction in energy consumption, a signi˱cant increase in solar and wind power, and a strong increase in electricity storage capacity. Gas, which will be fully decarbonized, will be partially replaced by biomethane. Carbonfree hydrogen will also play a key role in transportation and industry.

ENGIE has several key convictions, including combining electrons and molecules for successful energy transition, the massive development of electricity generation from renewables, and the anticipation of ˳exibility needs. ENGIE has opted for a balanced mix, integrating renewable gas and carbon dioxide capture and storage in order to guarantee an energy system with the best levels of ef˱ciency and resilience.

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 13d] The main limit of this prospective scenario, which by its nature contains uncertainties, concerns the role of green gas in future Net Zero energy systems and the capacity of countries to roll out renewables on a massive scale.

The model outputs from the central scenario determine the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with the Group’s activities, the volume-based prices of energy and CO 2 , and energy demand. The results are compared with the model outputs of various recognized external scenarios, including those of grid operators (European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity – ENTSO-e, Réseau de Transport d’Électricité – RTE, Terna, National Grid, etc.), various government plans (National Energy and Climate Plan – NECP), or scenarios from public institutions (International Energy Agency – IEA, Agence de l'environnement et de la maîtrise de l'énergie – ADEME) or external consultants (AFRY, Aurora, Baringa).

[ESRS 2 IRO-1 AR 15] The scenarios used in the analysis are consistent with the assumptions used in the Group’s ˱nancial statements (see Section 3.1.2.1.5).

The same process, with similar controls and analyses, is in place for the Group’s other geographies, notably South America and certain markets in the United States, but is focused exclusively on the Group’s electrical activities.

The version of the Net Zero 2024 scenario consistent with a +1.5°C pathway was presented publicly on November 12, 2024 (https://www.engie.com/en/decarbonization-scenario-secondedition).

[Page 109] 3.1.2.1.2 Governance and policies [GOV-3, E1-2]

Governance and integration of sustainability performance in incentive schemes [ESRS 2 GOV-3]

[E1-2 MDR-P c] Governance on climate matters is presented below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING

3 years

1 year

ETHICS, ENVIRONMENT AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE

Progress on climate issues

Consultative climate resolution

INVESTMENT AND AND TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE INVESTMENT AND AND TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Reviews the Group’s climate objectives, their conﬁguration (ambition, deﬁnition, scope, deadlines and level of certiﬁcation) and monitorstheirimplementation

• Examines the risks and opportunities of climate change

• Incorporates the Group’s climate issues and objectives into its investment decision-making process

Prepares the decisions of the BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Prepares the decisions of the BOARD OF DIRECTORS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AUDIT COMMITTEE

APPOINTMENTS, COMPENSATION AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

• Examines the priority risks, including climate risk

• Examines the assumptions underlying ﬁnancial guidance, including climate assumptions

• Sets the Climate strategy and associated objectives

• Sets the conditions for the compensation of the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and performance share beneﬁciaries according to speciﬁc climate targets

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Examines the accounting impact of exceptional weather events

• Ensures that the Climate strategy isat the heartof the Group’s overall strategy, in accordance with its purpose

• Leads the annual assessment of the Board of Directors, particularly with regard to consideration of climate issues

• Examines the adequacy of risk insurance coverage (including climate risk)

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE • Implements the Group's Climate strategy • Approves the Group’s Climate policy • Arbitrates on the climate pathway among GBU • Supports each of the 2030 CSR objectives (including 10 climate objectives) • Carries out risk reviews

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Executive Vice-Presidents

Executive Vice President

in charge of GBU Executive Vice-Presidents • in charge of Data, Digital & IT, Strategy and Research & Innovation

in charge of Finance, Corporate Social Responsibility and Procurement

• in charge of the Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs and Communication

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GBU/ENTITIES

STRATEGY DEPARTMENT

FINANCE DEPARTMENT

ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE DEPARTMENT (1)

• Deﬁnes climate policy

• Deﬁnes carbon price scenarios

• Oversees climate reporting (including TCFD)

ESG DEPARTMENT • Ensure the Climate strategy is translated into action (investments and divestments, new products, projects, etc.)

• Oversees the Group’s Vigilance Plan including climate issues

• Coordinates theroll-out of thethe Climate strategy

• Examines the outlook for the energy markets and trends in demand

• Ensures that investment decisions are consistent with the Group's climate commitments through their compliance with CO 2 budgets and analyses, including carbon pricing

• Deliver projects and performances in line with climate pathways (annual CO 2 budget allocated by the Executive Committee to the GBU) and follow up every quarter

(1) Reporting to the Legal, Ethics and Compliance Department.

[Page 110] Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation [E1-2]

[E1-2 MDR-P a] The transition plan is available in Section 3.1.2.1.3, and details on the levers can be found in Section 3.1.2.1.4.

At the 2022 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, ENGIE was one of the ˱rst CAC 40 companies to consult its shareholders on its climate strategy, which was overwhelmingly approved (97%). Three years later, ENGIE presented its updated climate strategy with more stringent targets across all emission categories for an advisory vote at the 2025 Shareholders’ Meeting. It was approved by 97%.

[E1-2 23] Processes for managing the Group’s material risks are described in Section 3.1.2.1.1 and those for delivering on objectives are described in Section 3.1.2.1.4.

[ESRS 2 GOV-3 13] The compensation policy for the Chief Executive Of ˱cer, the Executive Committee and senior executives includes criteria linked to the Group’s climate targets (see Section 4.2).

In 2026, 7% of the Chief Executive Of˱cer’s variable compensation and 3.3% of the Executive Committee members’ variable compensation was linked to the objective of reducing GHG emissions related to energy production and commodity sales.

In 2026, performance shares (long-term incentive compensation) to the Chief Executive Of˱cer, the members of the Executive Committee and the Group’s senior executives will be subject to climate criteria: 15% for all of the Group’s GHG emissions, and 5% for installed renewable and storage capacity, i.e., a total of 20%.

[E1-2 25] ENGIE’s climate change policy combines mitigation and adaptation policies and covers the following areas: climate change mitigation, energy ef ˱ciency, renewable energy deployment and climate change adaptation. It focuses on the following pillars: reducing GHG emissions, avoiding emissions by selling low-carbon products and services, and removing carbon from the atmosphere, while ensuring the resilience of the Group’s assets and activities in the face of climate risk. The policy also describes the implementation of actions to increase climate resilience and integrate climate considerations into all relevant Group processes. The governance of this policy involves the company’s highest levels, which integrate climate objectives into their decisionmaking processes.

In accordance with applicable regulations, Board members’ compensation does not include a variable component.

Climate Change Policy

Scope of application [MDR-P 65b]

The policy covers all the geographical regions in which ENGIE operates. It applies to all Group activities except trading activities and non-consolidated securities not considered material in terms of environmental impact.

It covers entities within the consolidated ˱nancial reporting scope, i.e., controlled (fully consolidated) subsidiaries, joint operations and entities accounted for using the equity method (associates and joint ventures), in the upstream or downstream value chain.

The Group’s climate change policy is implemented by the Group’s ESG Department.

Management level responsible for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

ENGIE supports the Paris Agreement.

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR‑P 65d]

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

The policy is public and available on the ENGIE website: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/2025-02/ENGIE%20- %20Climate%20Policy.pdf

[Page 111] 3.1.2.1.3 Transition plan [E1-1]

A climate change mitigation strategy based on three pillars

ENGIE’S 2045 NET ZERO CARBON TARGET

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reduce ENGIE’s GHG emissions First, reduce the direct and indirect GHG emissions resulting from ENGIE's activities by at least 90% compared to 2017.

Remove carbon up to the level of ENGIE’S residual emissions Then, increase the number of carbon sinks to neutralize the last residual emissions that are the most difﬁcult to abate.

= ENGIE’S 2045 NET ZERO CARBON TARGET

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AND

Help customers avoid GHG emissions by deploying ENGIE’s solutions Support customers’ decarbonization so they can reduce their GHG emissions.

Investments

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-1 16c] Applying the technical alignment criteria of the European Taxonomy to the Group’s growth CAPEX (see Note 5.6 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements), investments allocated to the action plan amounted to €4 billion in 2025.

[E1-1 14, 15] In line with its purpose, ENGIE has adopted a transition plan for climate change mitigation to ensure that its strategy and business model are compatible with the Paris Agreement, to contribute to achieving global carbon neutrality by 2050 and to limit its exposure to fossil fuels. It is updated every three years through the Climate Resolution, which is presented to shareholders at the Group’s Shareholders’ Meeting. ENGIE’s Board of Directors last updated the transition plan in December 2024.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-1 16e] ENGIE is committed to aligning all its investments with its decarbonization strategy and in particular its transition plan. The Group’s growth CAPEX plan provides for investments totaling between €25 billion and €28 billion over the 2026-2028 period and is 84% Taxonomy-aligned.

ENGIE’s decarbonization strategy is based on three pillars: “Reduce”, “Absorb” and “Avoid”, with Net Zero 2045 as a target across its entire value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3 (1) ). All targets are presented in Section 3.1.2.1.4.

[E1-1 16f] CAPEX devoted to gas-related economic activities amounted to €1 billion in 2025 and concerns the Networks and FlexGen GBU .

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-1 16d] Due to its activities, the Group is potentially exposed to locked-in GHG emissions, within the meaning of the Standard. This is particularly the case for its thermal power plants:

ENGIE’s transition plan involves the transformation of some of its core businesses that pose material risks to the environment and the Company itself. For example, ENGIE sold its fossil fuel exploration and production (E&P) activities in 2017. During that same year, the Group also ended coal sales. At the end of 2025, the Group had phased out coal usage in continental Europe, and it plans to do the same in the rest of the world by 2027. More broadly, ENGIE plans to phase out fossil fuels entirely by 2045. At the same time, ENGIE has reoriented its energy mix by investing massively in the development of renewable energies.

Emissions pathway

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Group is committed to phasing out its coal activities completely by 2027, in the following order of priority: closure > conversion > sale. The major challenge is to achieve this early phase-out in a way that is fair and equitable for communities, regions and their energy networks. At the end of 2025, the Group had just 0.7GW of residual coal- ˱red capacity;

[E1-1 16a] The Group’s various targets enable it to be on a pathway compatible with the Paris Agreement, as con ˱rmed by the assessments of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), the Transition Pathway Initiative and Moody’s (see Section 3.1.2.1.4). Communication on this compatibility is complex due to the diversity of ratings and the lack of a benchmark shared by the entire international community.

• the transition is more gradual for gas- ˱red plants and does not require an early phase-out. In fact, the Group’s strategy and climate targets are based on the legally imposed phase-out dates for these plants and envisage only a partial renewal of the thermal ˳eet. In addition, all future assets will include an explicit plan for total decarbonization by 2045 (carbon capture, biomass, hydrogen). Reduction targets are therefore not at risk.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Action plans

[E1-1 16b] To achieve its GHG emission reduction objectives, the Group has implemented a detailed climate change action plan, presented in Section 3.1.2.1.4 for mitigation and Section 3.1.2.1.5 for adaptation.

The Group’s investments in implementing these action plans will mainly be ˱nanced through the issue of green bonds.

The Group also has potential locked-in carbon from its regulated gas networks (such as gas transmission and distribution), namely methane emissions associated with the operation of the relevant installations. ENGIE owns regulated entities whose assets it operates on behalf of certain governments (notably in France and Romania) that determine the decarbonization strategy. Total emissions from gas-˱red facilities accounted for less than 1% of the Group’s total carbon footprint in 2025, as in 2024.

(1) This term is used as de ˶ned in the glossary in Section 7.9.

[Page 112] [E1-1 16g] ENGIE is below the thresholds of the exclusion criteria de ˱ned in the Paris Agreement Benchmarks, as indicated in Articles 12.1 (d) to (g) and 12.2 of European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 (Climate Transition Benchmarks) (1) .

Group processes

2) Allocation and management of CO 2 budgets (linked to the ˱nancial plan): since 2021, the Group has integrated non- ˱nancial elements into its Medium-Term Financial Plan (MTFP) allowing CO 2 budgets to be allocated. The GBU design their operational decarbonization strategies in such a way as not to exceed the set limits (budgets Y+1, 2030, 2035 and 2040). Since 2023, infra-annual monitoring of emissions has been carried out via a quarterly reporting of certain GHG metrics. It is integrated into the managerial dialogue on operational and ˱nancial performance as part of the Quarterly Business Reviews (QBR).

[E1-1 16h] To achieve its GHG emission reduction targets, the Group has embarked on a transformation that has enabled it to move from a reporting-based approach to one based on performance management, thus driving large-scale operational change. To this end, ENGIE has developed the following strategic and ˱nancial management tools.

1) De ˱nition of Group CO 2 targets: ENGIE’s management has set limits on the main GHG emissions contributors from its activities (electricity generation, fuel and energy sales). They are set as milestones throughout the Group’s Net Zero Carbon pathway (2030, 2035 and 2040) and assigned to each Global Business Unit (GBU).

3) Integration of CO 2 into investment management: all new investment decisions must be made in accordance with the carbon budgets allocated to the GBU. To this end, the Group has developed a CO 2 budget management tool similar to the CAPEX budget management tool. It allows the remaining CO 2 budget for the current year and the medium term to be monitored to avoid exceeding the limits set. In addition, a CO 2 price is integrated into the ˱nancial elements of the ˱le. This is based on changes in carbon prices according to internal market decarbonization scenarios.

Focus on managing medium-term GHG targets

A granular projection model based on in-depth knowledge of the Group’s operational performance

A projection of the Group’s activities to 2045 via the consolidation of the following metrics:

Electricity and heat generated, consumed and sold (MWh eq. elec) GHG emissions (kt CO 2 eq.)

Estimate of purchased goods and services and methane emissions

Fuels consumed and sold (Mwh GCV)

Energy storage and production capacities (MW) and decarbonized fuel production (MWh)

based on Group-wide operating assumptions aligned with ﬁnancial projections, combined with internal scenarios on market decarbonization;

at the level of each sales entity and each generation asset (based on their technology, load factors, country, consolidation methods, etc.), over the medium term, combined with a strategic view (country level, technology) for the long term.

A reliable management process that ensures the roll-out of the Group's Climate strategy:

1

Aligned with the Group objectives and broken down by activity 2030, 2035 and 2040 limits

2

Annual projections until 2045 via the CO 2 MTP updated every year in line with the three-year Medium-Term ﬁnancial Plan (MTP)

2.a

Veriﬁcation of the alignment of GBU projections with Group limits

2.b

Allocations of CO 2 budgets for year Y+1 with operational performance management via Quarterly Business Reviews

Governance

[E1-1 16i] Climate governance is presented in Section 3.1.2.1.2.

Progress on the action plan

[E1-1 16j] Progress on the mitigation action plan is presented in Section 3.1.2.1.4.

(1) Exclusion criteria include the exclusion of companies deriving more than 10% of their income from coal- ˶red power generation (<1% of income for ENGIE).

[Page 113] 3.1.2.1.4 Climate change mitigation and energy transition matter [E1-3, E1-4, E1-7, E1-8]

Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies [E1-3]

[E1-3 26, 29] For each action, the scope of application is the consolidated scope as well as the entities accounted for using the equity method. Investments in the action plan are set out in Section 3.1.2.1.3.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected results Time horizon

A1. Coal phase-out

• Reduce GHG emissions 2027

• No coal sales since 2019;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Exit from coal-based energy production in continental Europe in 2025;

• Exit from coal- ˱red power generation by 2027 globally, in the following order of priority: closure, conversion and sale of coal-˱red power plants.

2030 and 2045

• Reduce GHG emissions

A2. Reduce and decarbonize gas consumption and sales, while producing renewable and decarbonized gas

• Produce biomethane (10 TWh by 2035) and hydrogen (4 GW by 2035);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Help customers avoid GHG emissions

• Reduce the consumption of the gas- ˱red thermal power plants (reducing load factors and portfolio) and gas sales;

• Decarbonize remaining gas- ˱red thermal power plants, mainly between 2030 and 2045 (biomass, biomethane, H 2 , CCS);

• Promote biomethane and hydrogen sales.

A3. Decarbonize electricity and heat production, sales and consumption

2030 and 2045

• Reduce GHG emissions

• Generate renewable electricity (95 GW by 2030, including storage);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Produce renewable, low-carbon or recovered heat (20 TWh by 2030);

• Help customers avoid GHG emissions

• Support electri ˱cation (300 TWh of electricity sales by 2030, both B2B and B2C) and increase green electricity sales.

A4. Support energy network transition

2030 and 2045

• Reduce GHG emissions

• Transition existing gas networks: reduce methane emissions and inject biomethane (50 TWh connected by 2030);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Develop electricity transmission and distribution networks (10,000 km by 2030);

• Help customers avoid GHG emissions

• Develop energy supply ˳exibility: batteries and hydro-pumped storage (95 GW in 2030, including generation), and OCGT;

• Develop low-carbon mobility networks and low-carbon technologies (desalination, heat pumps).

2030 and 2045

A5. Help customers decarbonize their operations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Help customers avoid GHG emissions

• Support the Group’s customers in terms of energy ef ˱ciency, energy sobriety and energy demand ˳exibility (demand management, decentralized BESS).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 114] Targets related to climate change mitigation [E1-4]

Presentation of targets

[E1-4 AR 31, 34] The Group has set itself the following targets:

2017 2024 2025 2025 coverage GBU concerned

Decarbonization levers 2030 2035 2040

Overall Group targets

120/140 80/110 40/70

ENGIE Group All E1-3 levers

265 157 ‑41% vs. 2017 145 ‑45% vs. 2017 Total: 100% Scopes 1, 2, 3: 100%

#1 Total GHG emissions, Scopes 1, 2 (location-based) and 3 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) (1)

N/A 36 Mt CO 2 eq. 31 Mt CO 2 eq. N/A ENGIE Group A2/A3/A5 65/85 N/A N/A

#2 Customer support: GHG emissions avoided by ENGIE offers and products (in Mt CO 2 eq.)

Group sector targets

A1/A2 /A3/A5 26/36 16/26 7/17

107 48 -55% vs. 2017 45 -57% vs. 2017 Total: 31% Scope 1: 94% Scope 3: 20%

Ren. & Flex Power and Local Energy Infra.

#3 GHG emissions from energy production, Scopes 1 and 3.15 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) ☐☐

A1/A2 /A3/A5 63/83 37/57 12/32

104 82 ‑21% vs. 2017 74 ‑29% vs. 2017 Total: 51% Scope 3: 60% Mainly Supply & Energy Management

#4 GHG emissions from commodity sales, (energy (2) and fuel (3) ) and Scopes 3.3.D and 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)

Of which 78 Of which 53 ‑32% vs. 2017 Of which 48 ‑39% vs. 2017 Total: 33% Scope 3: 39% 36/46 22/32 7/17

#4.A of which emissions related to fuel sales, Scope 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)

2 1 ‑57% vs. 2017 1 ‑54% vs. 2017 Total: 1% Scope 1: 4% Networks A4 -50% vs. 2017 N/A N/A

#5 Methane emissions from gas networks, Scope 1 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)

2017 2024 2025 Date Target

Other targets

Group Net Zero Carbon, Scopes 1, 2 and 3 (Mt CO 2 eq.) (1) 265 157 145 2045 90% reduction in emissions and neutralization of residual emissions

Neutralization of emissions relating to working practices (Mt CO 2 eq.) N/A 0.32 0.28 2030 Neutralization of all residual emissions

23% 43% 50% 2030 58%/66%

Share of renewable energy capacity in the electricity production mix (at 100%, excluding energy storage) (4) ☐☐

N/A N/A 51% 2030 100%

Percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE

☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (1) Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based) GHG emissions veri˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (2) Energy: mainly electricity, but also heating and cooling. (3) Fuel: mainly gas, but also biomass. (4) To calculate this indicator, the Group consolidates the net capacity of all its production installations, with the exception of centralized solar and wind farms, which are reported in gross capacity. Capacity is expressed at 100%, including for equity accounting purposes. In addition, this indicator excludes all energy storage capacities (batteries or pumped storage). Nuclear capacity is not considered renewable.

[Page 115] [MDR-T 79c] The result of the 2025 GHG emissions metric for commodity sales is close to the 2030 target. Nevertheless, it should be noted that this metric is set to grow in the future, in line with the Group's strategy of increasing its electricity sales: new customers will be gradually converted to green electricity.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-4 33] Targets are set through the annual update of GHG emission projections included in the medium-term ˱nancial plan. Targets are reviewed and, if necessary, updated every three years as part of the Group’s commitment to the Shareholders’ Meeting (Say On Climate).

from 2017 to 2024 in order to avoid double counting. In January 2025, Engie sold 15.66% of its original 33% stake in SAFIREC, which operates the SAFI thermal power plant in Morocco. Engie has announced that it plans to exit the company's share capital by 2027 as part of its strategy to withdraw from coal. With a percentage holding of 17.67% from the date of sale, SAFIEC has been removed from the Group's scope of consolidation, and its GHG emissions are therefore no longer accounted for in the Group's carbon footprint. For information, emissions related to the SAFI thermal power plant, based on Engie's 2025 shareholding in the company, are estimated at 1 Mt CO 2 eq.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To date, only Scope 3 emissions related to purchases could not be restated for 2017 due to the application in 2024 of more granular emission factors and procurement categories than the previous ones (source data are not available with the granularity required to apply more ˱nely tuned emission factors). For information purposes, the impact of changes in emission factors and the granularity of procurement categories has been estimated to result in a 43% reduction in the data published in 2023 for the total of Scopes 3.1 and 3.2 (from 8.9 Mt CO 2 eq. to 3.9 Mt CO 2 eq.).

Assessment of climate pathways

In 2024, the Group set a new target #4 on the carbon footprint of commodity sales (Scope 3.3.D and Scope 3.11). This notably allows the GHG emissions associated with the production of electricity and heat purchased for resale to end customers to be taken into account, an emission item that is highly dependent on the decarbonization of grids and therefore less in ENGIE’s control. In the interest of consistency with its commitment to support the electri ˱cation of uses, the Group retains the option of accelerating the reduction of gas sales in order to sell more electricity. Long-standing target #4.A on the carbon footprint of the use of sold products (fuel sales – Scope 3.11) is unchanged in order to ensure the commitment on gas sales.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-4 34e] ENGIE’s GHG emission reduction targets are science-based and compatible with a 1.5°C or well-below 2°C pathway depending on the assessment. Steering pathways via the allocation of CO 2 budgets to the Group’s GBU, in absolute terms and in terms of intensity, and taking them into account in investment decisions makes it possible to manage the risk of changes in the GHG emissions pathway associated with possible future developments.

Details of SBTi certi ˱cation (1) : ENGIE’s transition plan targets have been certi ˱ed as “well below 2°C” by the SBTi since early 2023, following an initial 2°C certi˱cation in 2020. The targets for the 2017-2030 period are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1) 66% reduction in carbon intensity related to energy production (Scopes 1 and 2);

[E1-4 34b, AR 23, AR 24] The GHG emission reduction targets cover 100% of ENGIE’s GHG emissions assessment (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) in 2025. This assessment is aligned with the GHG Protocol methodology and has been audited in its entirety since 2024. Note that Scope 1 has been audited with reasonable assurance since 2013, and Scope 2 since 2021. In addition, these commitments are based on gross emission reduction targets and do not take into account carbon offsets or removals within ENGIE’s value chain. The intensity targets are expressed in g CO 2 eq./kWh. The targets cover 100% of the Group’s carbon footprint, Scopes 1, 2 and 3, as well as all types of GHGs (CO 2 , CH 4 , N 2 O, HFCs, PFCs, SF 6 , NF 3 ). Scope 2 targets should be considered on a location-based carbon accounting basis.

2) 56% reduction in carbon intensity related to purchases and production of energy for resale (Scopes 1, 3.3.D and 3.15);

[E1-4 AR 25] 2017 emissions are gross and do not take normalization work into consideration (e.g., temperature effects). The Group restates the base year to maintain its representativeness:

3) 32.5% reduction in other GHG emissions, including Scope 3 of purchases, ˱xed assets and upstream fuel and electricity chain (Scopes 3.1, 3.2, 3.3.A and B).

• whenever emission factors are changed;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• whenever the methodology changes, source data permitting;

• with each individual acquisition or disposal where the volume of emissions is >5% of the base year.

The reduction target for carbon intensity related to energy production (Scopes 1 and 2) set by ENGIE goes beyond the SBTi requirements for the “well-below 2°C” pathway with a commitment of -66% versus -55%.

The progress report on the “well-below 2°C” certi˱cation targets is available below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Base year 2017 2025 results 2030 target

#1 304 g CO 2 eq./kWh -59% -66%

#2 327 g CO 2 eq./kWh -39% -56%

#3 132 Mt CO 2 eq. ‑35% ‑32.5%

The cumulative volume of disposals between 2017 and 2024 (taking 2017 emissions) represented 32 Mt CO 2 eq., i.e., 12% of the Group’s total emissions in 2017. Taking the emissions of the relevant divested installations for the year prior to their divestment, the cumulative amount of divestments represents 21 Mt CO 2 eq. or 8% of the Group’s total emissions for the 2017 base year. Emissions from disposals during 2025 are included in the Group's total emissions for 2025 and excluded from the cumulative amount of disposals for the period

(1) This term is used as de ˶ned in the glossary in Section 7.9.

[Page 116] Being 1.5°C aligned according to the SBTi’s Power sector guidance would mean reducing the carbon intensity of the Group’s energy production to 78% versus 66% currently over the 2017-2030 period. In such a short timeframe, a ratio of that nature would require the sale of many thermal plants in Europe, which, if closed, would jeopardize the security of the grid to which they are connected. They will therefore continue to emit greenhouse gases and ENGIE has decided not to sell these European assets in order to decarbonize them. In terms of energy sales, the 1.5°C pathway would require an increase in the reduction target for energy sales (electricity and heat) from -56% to around -80% between 2017 and 2030.

Transition Pathway Initiative assessment details: The Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI), a Climate Action 100+ partner, also considers the Group to be on a 1.5°C pathway for 2030 (analysis based on the International Energy Agency’s net zero emissions scenario). Beyond 2030, the TPI considers ENGIE to be on a “well below 2°C” pathway. As with the SBTi, the alignment gap with the 1.5°C scenario stems from the fact that ENGIE also operates in the Gas sector, which is decarbonizing more slowly than the Power sector. For example, the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimates that the target for reaching Net Zero should be 2050 for the Oil & Gas sector, versus 2040 for the Power sector.

SBTi Power sector guidance, GHG intensity (g CO 2 eq./kWh)

120%

100%

80%

Moody’s assessment details: Moody’s assessed ENGIE’s transition plan and assigned a rating of NZ-2, with an ambition aligned with a 1.5°C pathway and a "solid" level on the implementation of objectives. A summary of the assessment is available below with the full report directly accessible on the Moody’s website (https://ratings.moodys.io/ products/nza).

60%

40%

20%

0%

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

Carbon intensity Scopes 1+3, 3+3, 15 Carbon intensity Scopes 1+2

SBTi WB2°C Power sector

SBTi 1.5°C Power sector

ENGIE belongs to both the Power and Oil & Gas sectors (for its networks and gas sales activities, which represent around 34% of the Group’s total emissions in 2025), for which sectorspeci ˱c guidance has not yet been published. In addition to the Power sector guidance, the Group meets the criteria for the cross-sector guidance – all sectors combined (reduction of 4.2% per year) – for a 1.5°C pathway.

SBTi cross-sector guidance, absolute GHG emissions (Mt CO 2 eq.)

120%

100%

80%

60%

40%

20%

0%

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

ENGIE Scope 3 ENGIE Scopes 1+2

SBTi 1.5°C

SBTi WB2°C

[Page 117] Progress report on targets

Target #1: change in total GHG emissions

265

-45%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Decarbonizing energy production, reducing gas sales and greening commodity sales

-61

140

-30 -1 145

˜ 14* ˜ 2* -27 (1)

120

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Emissions in Mt CO2eq.

NET ZERO

2025 Other Other 2030 2045

2017 Energy generation E1-4 #3

Sale of commodities E1-4 #4

Energy generation E1-4 #3

Reduction in methane emissions E1-4 #5

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) This change includes a reduction of 14 Mt CO 2 eq. in the upstream fuel purchase chain (category 3.3.A), as less coal and gas are consumed; of 13 Mt CO 2 eq. in the upstream products and services purchase chain (categories 3.1 and 3.2), as fewer purchase volumes and a change in methodology are involved; and of 1 Mt CO 2 eq. for Scope 1.

Target #2: assessment of avoided emissions

85

˜ 29*

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

65

˜ 1*

˜ 11* ˜ 1* ˜ 0*

31

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2030

Energy storage E1-3 A4

Low-carbon mobility E1-3 A4

Production of decarbonized gas E1-3 A2

Greening of commodities sold E1-3 A2 & A3

2025 Decarbonization of ENGIE electricity production E1-3 A3

Target #3: change in GHG emissions related to energy production (Scope 1 and Scope 3.15)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

107

-57%

Shutdown of the existing ﬂeet: renewals or new constructions conditional on decarbonization by 2045

-38

45

-10

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

36

˜ -3* -11 -2

Emissions in Mt CO2eq.

˜ -8* ˜ -3*

26

NET ZERO

2025 2030 2045

2017 Coal exit E1-3 A1

Reduction in load factors E1-3 A2

Greening of fuels E1-3 A2

Coal exit E1-3 A1

Greening of fuels E1-3 A2

Reduction in the gas portfolio E1-3 A2

Reduction in the gas portfolio E1-3 A2

* These data are forward-looking estimates, updated annually at the time of the Medium-Term Business Plan (MTBP). They have no target value, and are shared as part of the Group’s commitment to external transparency.

[Page 118] Target #4.A: change in GHG emissions related to fuel sales (energy and fuel) (Scope 3.11)

78

Reduction in gas sales volumes and strong growth in green and decarbonized energy sales -38%

-4

48 46

-25 -1

˜ -2*

˜ -2*

36

Emissions in Mt CO2eq.

NET ZERO

2017 Coal exit Reduction in gas sales Reduction in gas sales Green gas sales 2025 2030 2045

Green gas sales

* These data are forward-looking estimates, updated annually alongside the Medium-Term Business Plan (MTBP). They have no target value, and are shared as part of the Group’s commitment to external transparency.

Non-material but important information for the Group

Target #5: reduce methane emissions from gas networks (Scope 1)

Oil & Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 (OGMP) aimed at reducing methane emissions

CH 4 intensity (1) of 0.125% by 2025

Methane emissions from gas networks account for less than 1% of the carbon footprint (4% of Scope 1) in 2025 and are therefore considered non-material. They relate to gas networks controlled or operated by the Group and are mainly due to venting safety procedures.

80% reduction in CH 4 emissions in 2025 compared with 2016

40% reduction in CH 4 in France; 45% reduction in the United Kingdom; 35% reduction in Germany in 2025 compared with 2016

2025 marked a turning point as all of the gas infrastructure controlled or operated by the Group is now part of the OGMP 2.0 (Oil & Gas Methane Partnership), a United Nations Environment Programme initiative that aims to minimize methane emissions and establish an internationally recognized reporting framework.

30% reduction in CH 4 emissions in 2025 compared with 2015

CH 4 intensity (1) of 0.093% by 2028

is an OGMP member

In Europe, Depomures’ gas storage activity joined the OGMP 2.0 initiative this year. In Latin America, Gasoducto Norandino and ENGIE Stream Chile also joined. These activities join our entities in France (GRDF, NaTran, Elengy and Storengy), Romania (Distrigaz Sud Retele) and Latin America (Mejillones in Chile, TAG in Brazil and the DSOs and TSOs in Mexico), which were already committed to this initiative.

40% reduction in CH 4 in 2028 compared with 2023

50% reduction in CH 4 emissions in 2030 compared with 2023

In addition to the commitments made by these entities, ENGIE has set itself the overall target of reducing methane emissions from its consolidated global gas networks (transport, distribution, LNG terminals and storage) by 50% between 2017 and 2030.

47% reduction in CH 4 emissions in 2029 compared with 2023

is an OGMP member

40% reduction in CH 4 emissions in 2029 compared with 2024

(1) CH 4 emissions/volume of gas distributed

[Page 119] GHG removal and mitigation projects ˱nanced by carbon credits [E1-7]

Summary of targets

ENGIE has also committed to purchasing high environmental quality carbon credits in Colombia and Mexico, in line with the principles of the Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market, the benchmark quality standard for the carbon credit market.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-7 61] In May 2021, ENGIE committed to being Net Zero in its three scopes by 2045, ˱rst by reducing its GHG emissions by at least 90% and then by contributing to the growth of carbon sinks within and outside its value chain to neutralize its remaining emissions. The Group has also committed to being Net Zero in its working practices by 2030.

All these projects have undergone rigorous due diligence, including site visits, to ensure that they generate positive outcomes for biodiversity and local communities, in addition to their climate impact.

As a reminder, all GHG emission reduction targets are in terms of gross emissions (induced emissions separated from carbon removals). In general, emission reduction targets are de˱ned independently of offsetting.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Solutions implemented

In the longer term (2045), ENGIE’s integration in the energy production value chain will lead it to also rely on negative emission technology solutions such as biogenic carbon capture and storage.

2025 results

[E1-7 57] In the short term (2030), the Group will mainly use carbon credits from nature-based carbon sequestration solutions (e.g., afforestation, reforestation, regenerative agriculture or mangroves). Carbon credits will be certi ˱ed by recognized standards, such as Label Bas Carbone and Verra VCS. In 2025, several long-term purchase agreements for carbon sequestration credits were signed.

[E1-7 56, 57, 58, 59] In 2025, the Group did not generate any carbon sequestration and storage in its operations or value chain. It did, however, retire 76,252t CO 2 in carbon credits for its own account. Signi ˱cant volumes will start from 2030, to deliver on the Net Zero target on working practices.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group also retires credits on behalf of its customers, at times through compensated product offerings. In such cases, the Group complies with all local regulations.

In France, ENGIE is one of the largest contributors to certi˱ed Label Bas Carbone afforestation and reforestation projects, having already planted over 1,400 hectares. This standard was developed and is managed by the French Ministry of Ecological Transition.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Building on this positive experience, ENGIE is developing a similar afforestation program under the Woodland Carbon Code in the United Kingdom, where over 300 hectares have already been planted.

ENGIE’s total carbon removal and associated reversal in 2025 0 t CO 2

Total carbon credits retired on behalf of ENGIE in 2025 76,252 t CO 2

of which carbon removal and similar credits 34%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which avoided emissions credits 66%

of which recognized credits based on quality standards (1) 100%

of which credits issued in Europe 22%

(1) Gold Standard, Verra VCS, Label Bas Carbone, Woodland Carbon Code, etc.

Internal carbon pricing [E1-8]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E1-8 62, 63] The Group has two carbon pricing mechanisms, which are described below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Group assets, recoverable amounts in the ˱nancial statements are determined based on future cash ˳ow projections (see Note 13.4 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements). These are based on energy price projections, which use the carbon price as a central assumption (spot value at December 31, 2025 of €87/t). The table below summarizes the proportion of Group emissions covered by EU ETS quotas.

• Allowance prices (particularly the EU ETS in Europe) are taken into account when modeling the evolution of the European energy system to 2050. These have a direct impact on the energy price forecasts that are central to all the Group’s strategic, budgetary and investment decisions in Europe. In particular, for annual impairment tests on

EU ETS quota in 2025

Coverage rate of gross Scope 1 GHG emissions 76%

Coverage rate of gross Scope 2 GHG emissions 0%

Coverage rate of gross Scope 3 GHG emissions 0%

their Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. This contribution will begin from 2030 and will evolve according to the amount of carbon to be sequestered and the cost of carbon sequestration.

• The addition of an internal carbon contribution to ˱nance future carbon removal is needed to reach the Group’s Net Zero targets (from 2030). This will involve all the Group’s consolidated entities, contributing ˱nancing in proportion to

[Page 120] 3.1.2.1.5 Climate change adaptation matter

Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies [E1-3]

[E1-3 26, 29] For each action, the scope of application is the consolidated scope as well as the entities accounted for using the equity method.

[MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected results Time horizon

A6. Ensure the Group’s climate resilience at a strategic level

2050

Improve the Group’s climate resilience at a strategic level

Inclusion of climate risk in the Group’s geographic and technological portfolio selection criteria (at national and local level)

A7. Ensure local site resilience

2050

Improve the Group’s climate resilience at a local level

Climate risk analysis and implementation of adaptation plans where necessary for all new projects and existing sites (BD and ERM Adaptation processes)

Targets related to climate change adaptation [E1-4]

[E1-4 AR 31, 34a, b, c, d] To address its material impacts, risks and opportunities with regard to climate change, the Group has set the following targets:

Targets related to the implementation of climate adaptation processes within ENGIE 2025 results Target Target time horizon

Percentage of existing sites to have been subject to a physical risks assessment 53% 100% 2025

Percentage of existing sites subject to material climate risk with an adaptation plan 85% 100% 2026

89% 100% 2026

Percentage of new projects with Executive Committee and Board of Directors validation threshold incorporating climate risk analysis prior to investment decision

Measurement of target achievement began in 2025.

The target for the percentage of existing sites to have been subject to a physical risks assessment was not achieved in 2025. This was mainly due to the fact that renewable sites below an arbitrary installed capacity threshold (20 MW) were excluded from the 2025 ˱scal year. This simpli˱cation was made in order to prioritize the largest sites, which are mechanically more exposed to climate risk. In 2026, new methods will be developed to enable a more detailed monitoring of the target.

[Page 121] 3.1.2.1.6 Climate metrics [E1-5, E1-6]

Energy consumption and mix [E1-5]

[E1-5 38] Information on energy consumption and energy mix is as follows:

2024

2024

2025

2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Energy consumption and mix (GWh)

Consolidated scope (1)

Equity method scope (1)

Consolidated scope (1)

Equity method scope (1)

1) Fuel consumption from coal and coal products 8,441 867 4,679 6,685

2) Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products 2,319 759 2,409 819

3) Fuel consumption from natural gas 87,147 120,471 91,752 123,956

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4) Fuel consumption from other fossil sources 8,883 - 8,608 -

5) Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam and cooling from fossil sources (2) 2,867 1,917 3,516 1,232

6) Total fossil fuel energy consumption 109,657 124,014 110,965 132,691

Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (%) 64% 94% 52% 100%

7) Consumption from nuclear sources 52,204 7,293 87,394 -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption (%) 30% 6% 41% 0%

8) Fuel consumption for renewable sources, including biomass (also comprising industrial and municipal waste of biologic origin, biogas, renewable hydrogen, etc.) 9,274 296 8,376 239

9) Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam and cooling from renewable sources (2) 1,122 8 4,976 51

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

10) Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy N/A N/A N/A N/A

11) Total renewable energy consumption 10,396 304 13,352 291

Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (%) 6% 0% 6% 0%

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (3) 172,257 131,612 211,710 132,982

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) The energy consumption of entities consolidated in the Group’s ˶nancial statements is used as the basis for calculating GHG emissions related to energy production accounted for under Scope 1. The energy consumption of entities accounted for using the equity method in the Group’s ˶nancial statements is used as the basis for calculating GHG emissions related to energy production accounted for under Scope 3.15 [E1-6 44]. (2) In 2025, ENGIE re˶ned its reporting methodology for heat-related emissions. Taking this change into account, the total 2024 consumption ˶gures reported in points 5) and 9) (Scopes 1 and 3) would have been 4,543 GWh and 1,596 GWh, respectively. Heat consumption is disclosed for Scope 2 separately from the purchase of heating for resale disclosed for Scope 3. (3) Energy consumption is one of the components of the calculation of GHG emissions related to energy production (Scopes 1 and 3.15), metrics veri˶ed with reasonable assurance by the Statutory Auditors for the 2025 ˶nancial year (see Section 3.1.7).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group's total energy consumption (Scope 1) fell by 19% compared to 2025, driven by the drop in production from the Group's nuclear assets in Belgium in 2025 with the shutdown of three reactors: Doel 1, Doel 2 and Tihange 1. The two reactors still in service (Doel 4 and Tihange 3) have been extended until 2035 and are owned by Be-Nuc, which is in turn 50%-owned by the Belgian state and 50% by Engie.

It should be noted that in 2025 the Group's coal consumption increased compared to 2024. This increase is linked to rising electricity demand in Chile, where Engie owns coal- ˱red power generation assets.

[E1-5 39] The breakdown between renewable and non-renewable energy production is as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2025 2024

Renewable energy production – Scope 1 (GWh) 88,911 90,697

Renewable energy production – Scope 3 (GWh) 16,889 14,930

Non-renewable energy production – Scope 1 (GWh) 86,305 100,559

Non-renewable energy production – Scope 3 (GWh) 70,946 73,015

[Page 122] [E1-5 40] Energy intensity on a net revenue basis is as follows:

2025 2024

Total energy consumption (Scope 1) (GWh) (1) 172,257 211,710

Revenues (in millions of euros) 71,944 73,812

Energy intensity based on revenues (MWh/million) 2,394 2,868

(1) The “GHG emissions from energy production, Scopes 1 and 3.15 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)” metric has been veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7).

Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions [E1-6]

[E1-6 44] The Group’s climate targets are detailed in Section 3.1.2.1.4.

In Mt CO 2 eq. 2017 2025 2024

Scope 1 GHG emissions ☐☐ 80.5 22.2 21.9

Energy production (1) 76.4 20.8 20.4

Gas networks 2.6 1.2 1.2

Methane emissions from gas networks 2.3 0.9 1.0

Other emissions from gas networks 0.3 0.3 0.3

Other activities 1.5 0.2 0.3

Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emission trading schemes 42% 76% 73%

Scope 2 GHG emissions

Scope 2 – Location-based ☐☐ 0.9 0.5 0.5

Scope 2 – Market-based N/A 0.5 0.8

Signi ˱cant Scope 3 GHG emissions 183.6 122.6 134.7

3.1 Purchased goods and services 14.9 3.5 3.2

3.2 Capital goods 2.9 1.4 1.8

3.3 Fueland energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2) 58.0 44.1 48.9

Upstream fuel and electricity purchasing chain (3.3.A. /3.3.B. /3.3.C.) 32.0 18.3 19.5

Production of energy purchased for resale to end customers (3.3.D) 26.0 25.8 29.4

3.6 Business travel - 0.0 0.0

3.7 Employee commuting - 0.1 0.0

3.11 Use of sold products (fuel sales) 77.6 47.7 52.6

3.15 Investments in equity method entities 30.2 25.7 28.1

Energy production (1) 30.2 24.6 27.2

Other activities - 1.1 0.9

TOTAL LOCATION-BASED GHG EMISSIONS 265.1 145.2 157.2

TOTAL MARKET-BASED GHG EMISSIONS 145.3 157.5

☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). (1) The “GHG emissions from energy production, Scopes 1 and 3.15 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)” metric has been veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7). The energy production of entities accounted for using the equity method presented in Scope 3.15 only takes into account Scope 1 GHG emissions for these entities for the data presented for 2024 and 2025.

The carbon intensity of energy production (Scope 1) was 121kg CO 2 eq./MWh eq. in 2025, compared with 107kg CO 2 eq./MWh eq. in 2024.

The Group's GHG emissions fell by 12 Mt CO 2 eq. in 2025. This reduction is mainly due to lower emissions related to the volumes of gas and electricity sold by the Group (Scopes 3.3.A/3.3.D/3.11) and the impact of fossil fuel asset disposals (Scope 3.15).

In January 2025, Engie sold 15.66% of its original 33% stake in SAFIEC, which operates the SAFI thermal power plant in Morocco. Engie has announced that it plans to exit the company's share capital by 2027, as part of its strategy to withdraw from coal. With a percentage holding of 17.67% as from the date of sale, SAFIEC has been removed from the Group's scope of consolidation, and its GHG emissions are therefore no longer included in the Group's carbon footprint. For information, emissions related to the SAFI thermal power plant, based on Engie's 2025 shareholding in the company, are estimated at 1 Mt CO 2 eq.

[AR46j] The Group also emitted 3.8 Mt of biogenic CO 2 in 2025 (Scopes 1 and 3 combined), compared with 3.4 Mt of biogenic CO 2 in 2024.

[Page 123] [E1-6 AR 54] GHG intensity on a revenues basis is as follows:

2017 2025 2024

Total location-based GHG emissions (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 265.1 145.2 157.2

Total market-based GHG emissions (in Mt CO 2 eq.) N/A 145.3 157.5

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total revenues (1) (in millions of euros) 65,029 71,944 73,812

TOTAL LOCATION-BASED GHG EMISSIONS (T CO 2 EQ.)/ REVENUES (MILLIONS OF EUROS) 4,000 2,019 2,129

TOTAL MARKET-BASED GHG EMISSIONS (T CO 2 EQ.) /REVENUES (MILLIONS OF EUROS) 2,019 2,133

(1) Based on revenues as presented in Note 7 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˶nancial statements.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Scope 1

Methodology used to calculate the Group’s total GHG emissions

Scope 1 emissions veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7).

[AR 39a] The Group’s GHG emissions calculation (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) relies on the principles, requirements and guidance of the GHG Protocol Corporate Standards (2004 version) and ISO 14064 (supplemented by ISO 14069).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[AR 43a] The Group’s Scope 1 GHG emissions include emissions from stationary and mobile combustion, process emissions and fugitive emissions. Emissions calculations are based on operating data on the different fuels consumed, as reported by the installations.

[AR 39b] The key assumptions and methodologies used to perform the Group’s GHG emissions assessment are described below for each of scope (1, 2 and 3).

[AR 39c] The Group’s GHG emissions assessment includes emissions of the Kyoto Protocol greenhouse gases: CO 2 , CH 4 , N 2 O and ˳uorinated gases.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[AR 39d] Global Warming Potential (GWP) compares the warming capacity of the various greenhouse gases to CO 2 . The GWPs used to convert the Group’s GHG emissions to CO 2 equivalent are the latest updated and published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), considered on a 100-year scale.

Scope

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group carries out residual gas recovery services for its steel producing customer. These services meet a large part of its electricity needs, replacing the grid electricity required for the steelmaking process. The regulations in force require steel producers to burn process gases, which is usually done by industrial ˳aring. By converting the waste gases produced by its production processes into energy, ENGIE prevents these gases, representing a volume of 8 Mt CO 2 in 2025, from being ˳ared. ENGIE does not generate any additional CO 2 emissions in this recovery process. As the GHG Protocol does not take this speci ˱c case into account, ENGIE has chosen to apply the ISO14404:2024 standard - Calculation method of carbon dioxide emission intensity from iron and steel production, which con˱rms the steelmaker's responsibility for steel gases and their inclusion in its greenhouse gas emissions. Consequently, the Group excludes GHG emissions related to steel gases from its Scope 1 calculations for the three electricity generation facilities concerned: DK6 in France, and Knippegroen and Rodenhuize in Belgium.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[AR 40] The scope of the Group’s GHG emissions reporting is the scope of the Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements, i.e., controlled (fully consolidated) companies and joint ventures on a pro rata basis to the Group’s share of ownership, excluding trading entities and securities of non-consolidated companies, as they are not material in terms of environmental impact. This scope is supplemented by the contribution of entities accounted for using the equity method (associates and joint ventures). No cases have been identi˱ed in which ENGIE could have operational control according to the interpretation of the ESRS and the GHG Protocol, in entities not controlled by the Group.

As these are residual gases, a by-product, and not fuel with a supply chain, the Group does not include emissions from an upstream fuel chain in its Scope 3 emissions. The emissions related to the natural gas consumed in these facilities, in addition to steel gas when the latter is not suf˱cient to meet the industrial company's electricity needs, or at ENGIE's initiative when market conditions are favorable, are recorded in the Group's Scope 1.

[AR 41] The Group’s GHG emissions break down for Scope 1 into emissions from energy production and emissions from gas networks, and for Scope 3 into emissions from fuel and energy activities and emissions from the use of sold products (fuel sales) related to the Group’s activities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 124] [AR 43b] The emission factors used are based on the most recent emission factors published by the IPCC (IPCC Guidelines for National GHG Inventories, Vol. 2 Energy – 2006).

• In 2025, the Group re ˱ned its methodology for calculating heat-related emissions. Heat consumption is now disclosed for Scope 2 separately from the purchase of heating for resale disclosed for Scope 3.

Scope 3

[AR 43c] The Group’s GHG emissions reporting includes biogenic CO 2 emissions resulting from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass, as well as emissions of other types of GHGs, notably CH 4 and N 2 O.

[AR 46] For the assessment of Scope 3 GHG emissions, the Group:

[AR 43d] The Group’s reported GHG emissions do not include purchased, sold or transferred removals or carbon credits, or GHG allowances.

• draws on the principles, requirements and guidelines of the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) (Version 2011) and breaks down its total Scope 3 emissions into the 15 categories de ˱ned by the GHG Protocol;

[AR 43e] For activities falling within the scope of EU-ETS regulations, emissions reported under Scope 1 follow the same methodology.

• performs an annual reassessment of Scope 3 emissions for each reported category;

[AR 44] In calculating the percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions covered by the EU ETS regulations presented above, the Group:

• identi ˱es and discloses the signi˱cant Scope 3 categories in relation to the Group’s total GHG emissions and according to the criteria de˱ned by the GHG Protocol;

• takes into account the GHG emissions of the installations it operates and which are subject to the EU-ETS regulations;

• includes emissions of CO 2 , CH 4 , N 2 0 and ˳uorinated gases;

• follows the same annual reporting periods for Scope 1 GHG emissions and emissions covered by the EU ETS;

• excludes from the carbon footprint reporting presented for the Group the following Scope 3 GHG emissions categories as they are not signi ˱cant compared with the total GHG emissions reported by the Group or because they are not relevant given the Group’s scope of activities:

• Scope 3.4 “Upstream Transportation and Distribution”,

• Scope 3.5 “Waste Generated in Operations”,

• Scope 3.8 “Upstream Leased Assets”,

• calculates the percentage using the following formula: (GHG emissions (in t CO 2 eq.) from installations subject to the EU-ETS regulations + national ETS + non-EU ETS)/(total Scope 1 GHG emissions in t CO 2 eq.).

• Scope 3.9 “Downstream Transportation and Distribution”,

Scope 2

• Scope 3.10 “Processing of Sold Products”,

• Scope 3.12 “End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products”,

Scope 2 location-based emissions veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7).

• Scope 3.13 “Downstream Leased Assets”,

[AR 45] For the assessment of Scope 2 GHG emissions, the Group:

• Scope 3.14 “Franchises”;

• provides the source data used:

• applies the principles, requirements and guidance of the GHG Protocol Corporate Standards (Scope 2 guidance document, 2015 version);

• includes purchases of electricity, steam, heat and cooling;

• Scope 3.1 “Purchased goods and services” and Scope 3.2 “Capital goods”: these two categories are the only ones without primary data (4.1% of Scope 3). They are calculated on the basis of expenses recorded in the ˱nancial statements for the reporting year,

• excludes from Scope 2 any emissions reported in Scopes 1 and 3 to avoid double counting;

• Scope 3.3 “Fueland Energy-Related Activities (not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2)”: this category includes “Upstream emissions of purchased fuels and electricity (3.3.A., 3.3.B. and 3.3.C.)” and “Generation of purchased electricity that is sold to end users (3.3.D.)”,

• applies the same principles to pumped storage facilities as to batteries, in accordance with the European Taxonomy recommendations. Accordingly, electricity consumption corresponds to the difference between electricity supplied by the network and that returned to the network. The latter, as a result, is no longer accounted for under the Group’s electricity production;

– for “upstream emissions of purchased fuels and electricity”: the Group uses all volumes of fuels consumed or sold by consolidated entities (Scope 1 combustion and category 3.11 use of sold products); as well as all volumes of energy consumed or lost by consolidated entities (Scope 2),

• applies for Scope 2 the location-based method (quanti ˱cation based on average emission factors of energy production for de˱ned geographical locations) and the market-based method (quanti˱cation based on GHG emissions emitted by producers from which the Group contractually purchases either electricity bundled with instruments or contractual instruments alone);

• discloses biogenic emissions of CO 2 from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass separately from Scope 2 GHG emissions, where applicable;

– for “Generation of purchased electricity that is sold to end users (3.3.D.)”: the Group uses all volumes of energy (electricity, heating, cooling) sold to end-users, distinguishing between the types of commodities (renewable, decarbonized or from the grid). To avoid double counting with GHG emissions related to energy production, country-by-country netting is performed to limit reporting to emissions related to the sale of energy not produced by Group installations,

• does not include any removals, or any purchased, sold or transferred carbon credits or GHG allowances in the calculation of Scope 2 GHG emissions.

[Page 125] • Scope 3.6 “Business Travel”: related GHG emissions (air or rail travel) are calculated either on the basis of GHG emissions data supplied by the carriers concerned or on the basis of estimated data if the carriers’ emissions data are not available. The data collected covers 97% of Group employees,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• for energy (electricity, heating, cooling) purchased for consumption or resale: use of the emission factors described above and production volumes by country communicated by local carriers (e.g., ENTSO-E for Europe). For purchased heat: use of emission factors provided by FEDENE (Federation of Energy and Environment Services),

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• for purchased goods and services: use of emission factors applied on a case-by-case basis to expenditures by purchasing category. The emission factors used for 2025 re ˳ect work to ˱ne-tune the methodology used in previous years. The number of emission factors used has increased signi˱cantly, as has their granularity. At this stage, most remain generic emission factors or combinations of generic emission factors, a sign of the low maturity of the supplier market (few of which have yet conducted detailed carbon analysis of their goods).

[AR 47] To determine the total GHG emissions presented above, the Group applies the following formulas:

• Scope 3.7 “Employee Commuting”: related GHG emissions concern the energy consumption of the various means of transportation used by employees to commute to and from work (excluding company-owned vehicles, for which related GHG emissions are counted in Scope 1). These emissions cannot be accurately measured, and calculations are based on estimates made either from data collected on employees’ travel habits (mode used and distance) or from averages based on benchmarks. For 2025, the data collected to estimate commuting covers approximately 60% of the Group scope. The data collected has therefore been extrapolated to be representative of the entire Group scope. In 2025, this scope represents less than 0.1% of the Group’s total carbon footprint,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total location-based GHG emissions (t CO2eq.) = Gross Scope 1

Gross Scope 2 location-based + + Gross Scope 3

• Scope 3.11 “Use of sold products (fuel sales to end-users, off market)”: the Group uses the volumes of fuels (gas, biomethane, biomass) sold to end-users. The term “end users” refers to customers who themselves consume the natural gas they have purchased. Volumes sold to trading platforms, resellers, Local Distribution Companies or other intermediaries not owned by ENGIE are, therefore, excluded,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total market-based GHG emissions (t CO2eq.) = Gross Scope 1

Gross Scope 2 market-based + + Gross Scope 3

• Scope 3.15 “Investments”: this category includes Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from entities consolidated for using the equity method (associates or joint ventures). Their emissions are reported proportionally to their percentage of consolidation in the Group’s ˱nancial statements;

• speci ˱es below the emission factors used:

Methodology used to calculate the Group’s avoided GHG emissions

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Emissions avoided by using ENGIE’s products and services are calculated based on the principles of the GHG Protocol and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) guidance updated in 2025. These avoided emissions relate to the production of low-carbon energy and green gas, sales of green commodities (gas and electricity) and lowcarbon mobility services. Avoided emissions for a product/ service are calculated annually based on the difference between the GHG emissions of the ENGIE product and the average of equivalent solutions available on the market.

• for fuel and technology life-cycle assessments (LCA), the ecoinvent 3.9 database, except in the following cases (i) for blue and green ammonia, emission factors taken from the Sphera database (1 st Life Cycle GHG Emission Study on the Use of Ammonia as Marine Fuel – Sphera 2024 (https://sphera.com/resources/report/1st-lifecycle-ghg-emission-study-on-the-use-of-ammonia-asmarine-fuel/)), (ii) for 1G biomethane, emission factors adapted from the Biogenic Emission Factors database and (iii) for grey, blue and green hydrogen, natural gas, syngas and 2G biomethane, emission factors taken from data from the CRIGEN laboratory (the Group’s research department) based on life-cycle assessments,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 126] 3.1.2.2 Managing nature-related matters [E2, E3, E4, E5]

3.1.2.2.1 Governance of relevant matters

[MDR-P] [ESRS 2 GOV-1, GOV-2]

Governance of nature-related matters (pollution, water, biodiversity, circular economy and natural resources) is outlined in the diagram below.

NATURE-RELATED GOVERNANCE MOBILIZING MANAGEMENT BODIES

ETHICS, ENVIRONMENT AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE

INVESTMENT AND TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE

• Reviews the Group’s Nature objectives

• Incorporates Nature issues into its investment decision-making process

• Ensures that Nature issues are included in the Group's strategy

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Prepares the decisions of the BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Prepares the decisions of the BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AUDIT COMMITTEE

• Examines internal control results

Ensures that the Nature strategy is in line with the Group's purpose

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

• Validates Group policies relating to Nature issues (water, biodiversity, pollution, circular economy)

• Supports each of the related CSR objectives

Executive Vice-President

Executive Vice Presidents

in charge of Finance, Corporate Social Responsibility and Procurement

Executive Vice President in charge of the Corporate Secretariat, Governance, Legal & Ethics, Public Affairs and Communication

in charge of GBUs (Renewable & Flex Power, Networks, Local Energy Infrastructures, Supply & Energy Management)

CSR DEPARTMENT

GBUS/ENTITIES

ETHICS, COMPLIANCE AND PRIVACY DEPARTMENT (1)

• Deﬁnes policies, objectives and targets for Nature issues

• Oversees the Group's Vigilance Plan, including Nature issues

• Ensure the operational roll-out of Nature policies at each stage of a project

• Oversees the reporting needed to measure performance

• Provide the data needed to monitor performance

• Analyzes action plans

• Disseminates results

Nature Network

• Disseminates the Biodiversity, Water and Circular Economy commitments and strategy across the Group

• Shares best practices

Environmental performance reporting network

• Ensures data collection and validation

(1) Reporting to the Legal, Ethics and Compliance Department.

[Page 127] 3.1.2.2.2 Industrial pollution [ESRS E2]

Introduction [ESRS E2 IRO-1, E2-6]

• Positive impact (E2-I4): needs for ground surface on which to install solar, wind, battery or hydrogen power systems can prompt the reclamation of polluted land and generate income for restoration efforts;

Material IROs [ESRS E2 IRO-1]

Regarding pollution, consolidated analysis at Group head level identi ˱ed the following material IROs:

• Risk (E2-R1): risk to the Group’s reputation in the event of accident or poor management of pollution problems;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Negative impact (E2-I1): pollution of soil and water with an impact on human health or ecosystems as a result of direct or value-chain operations;

• Risk (E2-R2): risk of ˱nes, penalties, compensation, or even slowdown in activity or loss of operating licenses in the event of non-compliance with industrial pollution regulations or impact on the health of local communities;

• Negative impact (E2-I2): pollution of air, soil and water in the value chain, including in areas where raw materials are extracted, endangering human health and ecosystems;

• Risk (E2-R3): Weakening or interruption of the supply chain or production operations if partners prove unable to comply with environmental requirements.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Negative impact (E2-I3): pollution of air generated by smoke emissions from thermal power plant combustion (NOx, SOx, particulate matter and other), liable to impact human health and ecosystems;

The types of pollution and associated sites are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Main pollutants emitted Types of potentially impacting sites

• Nitrogen oxide

• Combustion power and heat production units

Air pollution

• Sulfur dioxide

• Particulate matter

• to a lesser extent, mercury

• Temperature variation

• Thermal power plants

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pollution of water

• Traces of disinfectants (chlorine, salts)

• Desalination plants

• LNG terminals

• Heat production units

Pollution of soil • Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) • Former gas production plants

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Policy in place [E2-1] [MDR-P]

[E2-1 15a, AR11] The Group has adopted a policy that aims to reduce and control the risks of pollution (air, water, soil) associated with its activities and value chain, and help protect people and ecosystems.

The policy includes approaches on:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• pollution prevention;

ENGIE endeavors to identify potential air, water and soil pollution generated by players upstream of its value chain through life-cycle assessments, to assess, for example, potential pollution in raw material extraction zones, which are often sources of environmental impact. This approach provides an overall vision of environmental impacts and a better understanding of the complete ecological footprint of the Group’s activities, from raw materials production to product and service end-of-life.

• the control process;

Incident and emergency management [ESRS E2-1 15c]

• incident and emergency management.

Prevention, reduction and control [ESRS E2-1 15a]

In the event of an emergency, detailed response procedures are in place, with specialized teams and management plans addressing each particular type of pollution. Regular training reinforces the Group’s ability to manage such situations effectively.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To minimize the risk of air, water and soil pollution, ENGIE applies safety protocols and risk management strategies, including preventive maintenance and the use of best available techniques. These actions are underpinned by operational practices that enable the Group to avoid, control and monitor pollutant emissions. When emissions into the air, water and soil cannot be avoided, they are reduced for example by means of fume ˱ltration systems, pre-discharge water treatment or ground sealing systems.

If an incident occurs, immediate action is taken to limit its impact. This includes informing the affected communities, reducing emissions, and decontaminating the site. After an incident, ENGIE conducts investigations to determine the causes, repair any environmental and health damage, and implement corrective measures to avoid future incidents.

[Page 128] Anti-pollution policy

Scope of application [MDR–P 65b]

The policy applies to all Group activities, and to the upstream chain. It covers consolidated ˱nancial reporting entities.

The Group’s policy is approved by the Executive Committee and implemented by the ESG Department.

Management level responsible for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR‑P 65d]

ENGIE is a founding member of CITEPA’s Cross-Border Pollution Forum. ENGIE complies with international and local regulations on pollution by monitoring emissions in all its activities. ENGIE complies with the European Union’s Directive on Industrial Emissions, which sets strict limits on pollutant emissions from industrial installations.

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

The policy is public and available on the ENGIE website: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/2025-02/ENGIE - Anti-pollution Policy.pdf

Actions [E2-2]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected results Scope of application Time horizon

All Group industrial entities Permanent

Inclusion of air, water and soil pollution matters in project development Reductions in NOx, SO 2 and particulate matter air emissions Prevention of and reductions in water and soil pollution

Improvements in diagnosis/inventory of air, water and soil pollutants linked to industrial processes Improved understanding of substances to be monitored All Group industrial entities 2026

2026

Remediation of former gas production plants Refurbishments and disposals completed Former gas production plants in the Group’s portfolio

Targets and KPIs [E2-3, E2-4]

Air pollution

[E2-2 AR 18] [MDR-A 69] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the type of project or site. In practice, the main costs incurred in implementing the action plans mentioned below are: external engineering expenses, the installation of ˱ltration systems for air pollutants, pollutant monitoring and measurement, predischarge water treatment, soil remediation and damage repair in the event of accidental pollution.

Measurements and estimates: NOx, SOx and particulate matter emissions are calculated locally by taking measurements. If discontinuous measurements are taken on a site, an average of the measurements over the last ˱ve years is taken where possible to avoid inconsistencies related to one-off measurements.

Targets: [MDR-T] [E2-3 22] Since 2022, ENGIE has set itself voluntary targets for reducing atmospheric pollutant emissions by 2030.

[E2-2 18] [MDR-A 68e] In 2025, in France, the Group carried out soil remediation work at former gas production plants to clean up the sites concerned. Projects include the Vichy Cusset site (work completed in 2025) and the Brionne site (work started in 2025, completion in early 2026). Diagnostics and disposal plans are regularly updated. The main pollutants are hydrocarbons, in particular PAHs and THCs.

Nature and description of target Baseline value (base year) 2024 reporting 2025 reporting

Percent reduction vs. base year 2030 target Correspondi ng IROs

Reduction in nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions 92,209 t (2017) 23,223 t 22,656 t -75% -75% E2-I1, E2-I3, E2-R1, E2-R2

Reduction in sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ) emissions 159,623 t (2017) 2,859 t 4,387 t -97% -98% E2-I1, E2-I3, E2-R1, E2-R2

Reduction in total particulate matter emissions (PM) 7,353 t (2017) 2,636 t 3,411 t -54% -60% E2-I1, E2-I3, E2-R1, E2-R2

[Page 129] [MDR-T 79c] Comments for FY2025

As a result of strategic choices and the development of the Group's portfolio, the sharpest decline in air emissions for these four parameters can be observed over the 2017-2022 period.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

and control of atmospheric pollutants. Reducing NOx helps combat air pollution, by reducing acidi ˱cation, eutrophication and smog formation. Reducing SOx helps to prevent acidi˱cation of the atmosphere, responsible for acid pollution and acid precipitations, which can seriously affect soils and aquatic ecosystems. As well as affecting air quality, particulate matter in the atmosphere can be a cause of respiratory problems, so control here is an essential factor in contributing to improving public health;

By 2025, NOx emissions reduced due to lower thermal generation in the Group's portfolio. At the same time, the increase in SO₂, particulate matter and mercury emissions relates to the rise in output from coal- ˱red power plants in Chile to meet demand from the country's electricity system.

• [MDR-T 80f] Targets are calculated based on the pathway set in the CO 2 medium-term plan. They concern thermal power production and gas activities;

The increase in particulate matter emissions was also due to greater use of biomass power plants and boilers in Brazil and France than in the previous year.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Target setting methodology:

• [MDR-T 80g] Targets are set with the GBU, on the basis of peer-to-peer exchanges, the demands of international standards (regulations, TNFD, SBTN), and questions from rating agencies (Moody’s, S&P).

• [E2-3 23] Targets for reducing emissions of nitrogen oxide (NOx), sulfur dioxide (SOx) and total particulate matter (PM) into the air are part of ENGIE’s commitment to the prevention

KPIs: [E2-4 28a] Air emissions are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total results for 2024

2024 results according to EPRTR* thresholds

Total results for 2025

2025 results according to E-PRTR* thresholds Unit

Nitrogen dioxide (NOx) 23,223 18,301 22,656 16,880

Nitrogen dioxide emission intensity ratio for energy production 0.121 0.129 t/GWh

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ) 2,859 1,868 4,387 3,586 t

Sulfur dioxide emission intensity ratio for energy production 0.015 0.025 t/GWh

Total particulate matter 2,636 1,507 3,411 2,082 t

Particulate matter emission intensity ratio for energy production 0.014 0.019 t/GWh

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Mercury 107 31 102 11 kg

Mercury emission intensity ratio for energy production 0.0006 0.0006 kg/GWh

* E-PRTR: European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register.

Values reported according to CSRD requirements are those meeting E-PRTR thresholds.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Measuring systems:

Water pollution

Target: [MDR-T] The consolidated metrics for water pollution are relatively recent; targets will be de ˱ned following analysis of the metrics.

Measurements:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• [E2-4 30b] The Group uses continuous emission monitoring (CEM) systems to track the levels of air pollutant emissions from combustion plants in real time. Continuous data collection on pollutant emissions ensures compliance with environmental regulations. The Group also uses Predictive Emissions Monitoring (PEM) systems applying operational parameters to reliably estimate emissions levels;

• [E2-4 30] Concerning pollutants emitted into water, the Group monitors the physical-chemical parameters in discharged water by continuous measurements or spot sampling, depending on the site and the parameters in question. For example, discharge water temperature is monitored continuously, while heavy metal concentrations are measured on a spot-sampling basis in compliance with operating permits and current standards;

• For sites subject to European regulations, measurement frequencies and methods comply with the directive on industrial emissions and the recommendations in BREFs (EU Best Available Techniques Reference Documents). Outside the European Union, measurement frequencies and methods comply with local regulations;

• [E2-4 28a] Data on pollutants emitted into water are collected locally. An action plan is underway to consolidate the data at Group level. In 2025, a detailed assessment was conducted to ˱ne-tune the action plan required for Grouplevel data consolidation. In 2026, the Group plans to continue analyzing and implementing its action plan.

• [E2-4 30c] Data on air pollutants are collected annually as part of the Group’s environmental reporting for all controlled (fully consolidated) subsidiaries whose activities are relevant for the measurement of environmental impacts. If data are not available at the time of reporting, estimates are made based on the best information available at that time.

[Page 130] Pollution of soil

• risk (E3-R2): ˱nes and penalties for non-compliance with water use regulations;

Target: A review is underway on setting targets for soil pollution.

Measurements:

• opportunity (E3-O1): growing demand for desalination projects that meet high environmental standards.

[E3-1 11, AR16-18] The main ENGIE processes having impacts on fresh water (surface water, ground water, rainwater, water from third-party sources) are:

• [E2-4 28a] With the exception of former gasworks, the quantities of pollutants in the soil are negligible, and chie ˳y the result of accidental pollution. In 2025, there was no accidental pollution leading to the emission signi˱cant quantities of pollutants in the soil;

• water withdrawals for all activities;

• consumption for cooling thermal power plants and industrial processes;

• the use of water for hydroelectric power production and pumped storage;

• [E2-4 30b] Measures and associated methodologies are adapted to the circumstances (type of pollutant, activity, etc.), whether the soil pollution is accidental or the result of a past pollution episode. An action plan is drawn up to identify the measures to be implemented;

• water use during site construction;

• water discharges from power plants.

The Group is therefore dependent on the availability of freshwater resources and associated ecosystem services.

In the upstream value chain, the impact on water resources is mainly linked to the extraction of raw materials and transformation processes.

Policy in place [E3-1] [MDR-P]

• At former gas production plants, thorough soil analyses have been carried out by external consultants since 1990 to determine the exact nature of the pollution. The results indicate the stability of pollutants for former gas production plant tracer parameters. Updates to these diagnostics have been performed over time. Since 2019, all former plant sites – which are currently non-industrial (service-sector) or vacant land remaining within the Group’s scope – have been re-analyzed. Follow-up measures have been implemented wherever recommended by consultants based on their ˱ndings. These measures may include groundwater monitoring at the site.

The Group’s water management policy includes:

Anticipated ˱nancial effects [E2-6]

• assessment of water-related risks and opportunities right from the project phase;

[E2-6 40b AR 31] In 2025, no major incidents, of either physical or ˱nancial impact, were identi˱ed.

3.1.2.2.3 Water [ESRS E3]

• local actions with the stakeholders involved to mitigate the impact on freshwater resources and develop innovative approaches in line with the logic of the avoid-reducecompensate sequence;

Introduction [ESRS E3 IRO-1]

• assessment of water footprint of activities across the entire value chain.

For water, the material IROs identi ˱ed following a consolidated analysis at the head of the Group are:

• negative impact (E3-I1): signi ˱cant use of fresh water to cool thermal and nuclear power plants and operate methane terminals;

• negative impact (E3-I2): high water consumption for raw materials extraction, including fuels;

[E3-1 12a, AR 16-18] The policy covers freshwater matters with regard to resource use, water treatment, pollution prevention and reduction, water stress and regulations. Requirements are even more stringent on sites in water-stressed areas. The policy also covers the upstream part of the value chain, including water-related matters for raw materials extraction and fuel production.

• risk (E3-R1): slowdown, stoppage or reduction in pro ˱tability owing to constraints on the operation of production sites and industrial activities caused by water shortages, unsuitable river temperatures, con˳icts over water use, usage restrictions and tighter regulatory requirements;

[MDR-P] Water management policy

Scope of application [MDR-P 65b]

The policy applies to all Group activities, and to the upstream chain. It covers consolidated ˱nancial reporting entities

The Group’s ESG Department

Management level responsible for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

• Compliance with international and local water regulations

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR‑P 65d]

• Founding member of the CEO Water Mandate, and commitment to the Water Business call to action

• Respondent to CDP Water Security questionnaire

• Commitment to BAFWAC (Business Alliance for Water and Climate)

• Support for the OECD Water Governance Initiative

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

The policy is public and available on the ENGIE website: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/ assets/documents/2025-02/ENGIE - Water and Oceans Policy.pdf

[Page 131] Focus on water-stressed areas:

[E3-1 12b, AR 16-18] [E3-1 12c, AR 16-18] The Group undertakes to:

• draw up action plans in consultation with watershed stakeholders for all sites located in areas of high and extreme water stress to reduce their freshwater consumption and boost their resilience.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The presence of sites in water-stressed watersheds can also give rise to business opportunities, particularly in the context of water sharing. [MDR-A 68e] For example, in Chile, one of the thermal power plants located in an area of extreme water stress, which uses seawater, resells the desalinated water from its processes to a mine located in the middle of the desert, thus enabling it to limit its impact on freshwater resources. In 2025, 30,472,871 m 3 of water were sold to this third party.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• identify industrial sites subject to water stress. Every year, the Group’s ESG department assesses water-related risks using the Aqueduct tool (World Resource Institute) on the basis of the baseline water stress metric, with results made available to operational teams via a dedicated platform. For sites in areas of extreme or high water stress, local analysis is carried out by operational teams, who draw up action plans where appropriate, using an approach similar to that set in the Alliance for Water Stewardship standards, i.e., at site and watershed level, covering operational, regulatory and reputational aspects, and allowing for stakeholder and local context factors. In 2025, 175 sites were located in extreme water stress areas and 114 in high water stress areas. Six of the sites in extreme water stress areas have signi ˱cant freshwater requirements (freshwater consumption in excess of 100,000 m 3 /year) and have implemented action plans to reduce pressure on water resources;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Actions [E3-2]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Industrial entities in consolidated ˱nancial reporting 2030

Identify and carry out actions to reduce freshwater consumption at existing sites

Freshwater consumption to energy production ratio of 0.1 m³/MWh, which is down 70% on 2019

New Group projects Ongoing

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reduction in the quantity of water consumed and the impact of discharges into watercourses (physical-chemical modi˱cations, disruption of ecosystems, etc.)

For each new project under examination, analyze the water management risks and opportunities, and identify actions to be taken in line with the avoidreduce-compensate approach

Industrial entities in consolidated ˱nancial reporting 2028

Water-stressed sites: run action plans to help reduce pressure on freshwater resources at watershed level

Implementation of solutions to reduce freshwater use, in consultation with local stakeholders

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Focus on speci ˶c collective actions [E3-2 AR 20]

[E3-2 AR 21] [MDR-A 69] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the type of project or site. In practice, the main costs incurred in implementing the action plans mentioned below are: external consultancy expenses, installation of rainwater recovery systems, leak detection and repair, and contribution to collective actions in the catchment area.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In all the areas where it operates, ENGIE works with local stakeholders and other players to help identify collective actions, improve water resource management and governance at watershed level, and thereby anticipate and reduce potential con ˳icts of water use and the associated physical and regulatory risks. In Mexico, for example, the Group has developed a project to help preserve fresh water in a watershed suffering from extreme water stress.

[MDR-A 68e] By 2025, all projects presented to investment committees at Group and Board level have been subject to an ESG risk assessment, including water-related needs and challenges.

[Page 132] Targets and KPIs [E3-3, E3-4]

Targets: [MDR-T] [E3-3] ENGIE has set voluntary targets for 2030 to reduce pressure on freshwater resources. This objective is based on an analysis of risks associated with freshwater resources and serves to reduce the impact of the Group’s activities on them.

Nature and description of target Baseline value (base year) 2024 reporting 2025 reporting Progress on base year 2025 target 2030 target

Corresponding IROs

Reduction in freshwater consumption for energy production

0.310 m 3 /MWh (2019) 0.239 m 3 / MWh 0.185 m 3 / MWh -40% 0.150 m 3 / MWh 0.100 m 3 / MWh E3-I1, E3‑R1, E3‑R2

[MDR-T 79c] Comments on FY2025

• [E3-3 23c] These objectives are closely aligned with the Group’s asset portfolio development strategy. The shift in energy mix contributes to reducing water intensity as well as decarbonizing energy production;

The rate of freshwater consumption for energy production is higher than the 2025 target due to the extension of the nuclear business in 2025.

Total water consumption and consumption in water-stressed areas declined compared with 2024 thanks to lower thermal generation in the Group's portfolio (gas and nuclear).

Target setting methodology [MDR-T]

• [MDR-T 79] These objectives respond to risk R1, the identi ˱ed risk of slowdown, stoppage or a reduction in pro˱tability following constraints on the operation of production sites and industrial activities owing to water shortages, unsuitable river temperatures, con˳icts of use, restrictions on use and stricter regulatory requirements. They also respond to Risk R2, namely ˱nes and penalties for non-compliance with water-use regulations and also to impact I1 linked to the signi˱cant water requirements of thermal power plants and LNG terminals;

• [MDR-T 80g] Targets are set with the GBU, on the basis of peer-to-peer exchanges, the demands of international standards (regulations, TNFD, SBTN), questions from rating agencies (CDP, S&P) and exchanges with investors. The target on freshwater consumption for energy production is included in the act4nature international commitments. It was therefore reviewed by the act4nature review committee when the commitments were submitted;

• [MDR-T 80i, AR24-26] The two KPIs relating to stored water were recalculated for 2024 due to an error in the application of the consolidation rate to one of the entities, which should be integrated at 35% and not 100%.

KPIs: [E3-4 28a, 28b, 28c, 29] Water performance monitoring results are:

2024 results 2025 results Unit

Total water consumption 59,832,379 45,890,955 m 3

Water consumption in water-stressed areas 33,388,535 19,698,451 m 3

Water recycled and reused 9,407,124 9,503,250 m 3

Water intensity to energy production ratio 0.239 0.185 m 3 /MWh

Water intensity to revenues ratio 810.6 637.9 m 3 /€ millions

Water stored 9,571 10,786 Mm 3

Variation in stored water quantity 2,075 3,565 Mm 3

Measuring systems:

• [E3-4 28d] Stored water corresponds to the volume of water in reservoirs at dams and pumped storage sites;

• [E3-4 28e, AR 29] Water volumes are measured on-site using volumetric meters or, failing that, estimated on the basis of technical data such as water ˳ow rate. The share of estimated water volumes is not available at consolidated level;

• [E3-3 22, 23a] Targets and KPIs are monitored to measure the effectiveness of actions and implementation of the policy on reducing pressure on water resources, covering IROs relevant to the Group’s direct operations in terms of water consumption and the risk of slowdown, stoppage or reduction in pro ˱tability owing to constraints on site operations. Speci˱cally, the KPI on water consumption in water-stressed areas gages the efforts made by sites to reduce pressure on the resource.

• [E3-4 28b] Water volumes in water-stressed zones, sites in high and extreme stress zones are taken into account. As speci ˱ed by the World Resource Institute, water volumes for sites located in arid zones with low water use are assimilated to those for sites located in zones of extreme water stress;

[Page 133] 3.1.2.2.4 Biodiversity and ecosystems [ESRS E4]

Impacts, risks and opportunities [SBM-3] – [IRO-1]

• Risk (E4-R1): Fines and penalties for non-compliance with environmental regulations on biodiversity ([ESRS 2 IRO–1 17c] transition risk);

Reminder on identi ˶ed IROs

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For biodiversity, the material IROs identi ˱ed following a consolidated analysis at the head of the Group are:

• Negative impact (E4-I1): Impact of construction sites on Nhabitats, ˳ora and fauna (terrestrial and aquatic ecological continuity/land arti˱cialization);

• Risk (E4-R2): Reduced pro ˱tability of projects owing to stricter regulatory requirements, which may lead to projects being abandoned (e.g., potential obligations to implement compensation measures that are very expensive or even impossible to implement, or the presence of protected species) ([ESRS 2 IRO-1 17c] transition risk).

Focus on identi ˶ed material impacts

• Negative impact (E4-I2): Disturbance of terrestrial and aquatic environments/land arti ˱cialization, related to the operation of industrial sites (including offshore wind farms, etc.);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 16a] Activities relating to material priority sites that negatively affect biodiversity-sensitive areas are listed in Section 3.1.5.5 List of material priority sites.

• Negative impact (E4-I3): Destruction of biodiversity at raw materials extraction and processing sites throughout the Group’s value chain;

• Positive impact (E4-I4): Implementation of carbon sequestration projects with a positive impact on biodiversity and ecosystems (Nature-Based Solutions);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 16b] The material negative impacts regarding land degradation, deserti ˱cation or soil sealing are as follows, broken down by Group activity sector:

Activities Material negative impacts with regard to land degradation, deserti ˱cation or soil sealing

Thermal power plants • Land footprint of sites, potential disruption of ecological continuity and land arti ˱cialization

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Use of water, particularly for cooling, which is a challenge in areas subject to water stress or regular periods of drought

Hydropower • Potential disruption of ecological continuity

• Aquatic footprint

Onshore wind • Aerial impact on birds and bats, potential disruption of ecological corridors

• Foundation-related ground footprint

Offshore wind • Aerial impact on birds

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Impact on marine ˳ora and fauna, depending on the type of wind turbine (˳oating or ˱xed) and the wiring required for electricity transmission

• Foundation-related ground footprint

Solar: ground-mounted solar panels

• Use of critical materials in the upstream chain, with a potential impact on soil, water and pollution of the environment

Geothermal energy • Impact on soil during well construction

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Water impact, depending on process

Biomass • Potential impact on the wood sector

• Indirect impacts from biogas production (use of agricultural or forestry waste)

Gas storage • Land footprint of sites, potential disruption of ecological continuity and land arti ˱cialization

• Impact on soil during well construction

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

LNG terminals • Land footprint of sites, potential disruption of ecological continuity and land arti ˱cialization

• Use of water, particularly for cooling, which is a challenge in areas subject to water stress or regular periods of drought

Power battery storage • Land footprint of sites, potential disruption of ecological continuity and land arti ˱cialization

• Use of critical materials in the upstream chain, with a potential impact on soil, water and pollution of the environment

• Potential spread of invasive species due to excavation work to lay pipelines

Gas transport and distribution

[Page 134] Based on these criteria, dependencies speci˱cally concern ecosystem services related to:

• water availability: dependency of hydropower production on watercourses and their regulation, riverside thermal power plants and pumped storage stations;

[SBM-3 16c] Information on impacts on threatened species is not consolidated at corporate level. It is reviewed locally on a case-by-case basis. Some projects may interfere with threatened species. In such cases, operational teams implement measures to avoid and reduce impacts and, as a last resort, to compensate for them.

• climate regulation: dependency on solar and wind energy production, exposure of Group activities to climatic risks;

However, the Group evaluates proximity to areas containing threatened species, as de ˱ned by the IUCN Red List, for all sites, as part of its criteria for identifying material priority sites [SBM-3.16a].

List of material priority sites

• raw materials of natural origin: dependency on raw materials of natural origin, whether mineral (coal, natural gas, metals, rare earths) or vegetable (forest biomass or agricultural waste);

• soil quality: dependency of network activities (transport, distribution, heating/cooling) on soil stability provided by supporting ecosystem services (water ˱ltration, subsoil biodiversity, etc.), protection provided by vegetation cover.

[SBM-3 16a] The list of material priority sites for 2025, their breakdown by identi ˱ed impacts and dependencies, and the list of sensitive impacted areas are provided in Section 3.1.5.5 List of material priority sites. The ecological status is not consolidated at Group level.

[IRO-1 17ei, ii, iii] Mobilizing affected communities

Material priority sites are assessed according to ˱ve criteria, de˱ned according to ˱ve degrees of criticality. These criteria are as follows:

• proximity to protected areas: IUCN list (categories I to VI), Key Biodiversity Areas (KBA), Man and Biosphere Programme (MAB), World Database of Protected Areas (WDPA) including Ramsar and UNESCO world heritage sites (natural and mixed);

• IUCN Red List of Threatened Species;

In the course of its projects and operations, the Group carries out environmental and social impact analyses of its own activities to assess aspects such as the sustainability of biological resources and ecosystems. Locally, at a particular operating site or project, operational teams work to identify affected communities and establish dialogue to improve understanding of local issues and limit the impact on biodiversity and ecosystems. The feedback from dialogue with affected local communities provides input to the Group’s double materiality assessment.

• ecosystem integrity levels (according to the Globio model);

[IRO-1 19a] Impacted sites

• water stress zones;

The Group operated sites located in or near biodiversitysensitive areas. These sites are identi ˱ed using the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT), which enables access to various layers of global and national biological data, including data on sensitive areas. These sensitive areas are listed under the “proximity to protected areas” criterion in the “List of material priority sites” section.

• sector-based classi ˱cation of the impacts and dependencies of industrial activities. Here, the Group used the results of work on assessing the impacts and dependencies of the energy sector's activities on biodiversity. (Roadmap to Nature Positive: Foundations for the energy system) conducted by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), to which ENGIE contributed.

Material priority sites are determined as those with four or more “very high” criticality levels of these criteria.

Group operations affecting endangered species also use this platform to access data on threatened species listed in the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List.

[IRO-1 19b] Mitigation measures

Feedback from the ˱rst application of the methodology highlighted a need to integrate exclusion criteria to adapt effectively to realities on the ground. These criteria are as follows:

• activity type not applicable;

• the environmental impact study shows no impact on nature;

• absence of operational control of the site;

For projects, needs to implement mitigation measures are determined during the environmental and societal impact study. Such measures might, for example, involve programming the shutdown or ˳anging of wind turbines, or installing devices to prevent the nesting of certain species in construction zones.

• location in a highly urbanized area.

Mitigation measures at sites in operation involve ecological management such as late mowing, eco-grazing or zero pesticides.

[IRO-1 17b] Analysis of the biodiversity and ecosystem dependencies of the Group and its value chain

Resilience of the company’s biodiversity and ecosystem strategy and business model [E4-1]

This is based on the use of the LEAP method’s “Evaluate” process and the Biodiversity Footprint assessment ˱ndings using the Global Biodiversity Score tool.

Under the Group’s commitments, biodiversity and ecosystems are included as factors in its strategic planning and business model. ENGIE is strengthening such resilience in all its activities, especially as regards their main dependency, namely the availability of freshwater, as set out in Section 3.1.2.2.3 Water.

The Group has assessed its biodiversity dependencies sector by sector: gas storage and transport, gas distribution and marketing, thermal power production (by fuel type), wind power, solar power, biomass, hydroelectric power, geothermal power and water services (desalination). To do this, the Group used the WBCSD ˱ndings on the dependencies of the energy sector’s various activities on biodiversity.

[Page 135] Focus 3: Biodiversity and ecosystem matters in the value chain of Group activities

[E4-2 23d, 23e]

The Group is developing a methodology to evaluate the resilience of its activities to nature-related physical and transition risks. This methodology will be based on ENGIE’s strategic and operational data, coupled with the results of its footprint analyses and the LEAP methodology.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A description of biodiversity-related impacts, risks and opportunities and their interactions with the Group’s strategy and business model appears in Section 3.1.1.4.2 “Material impacts, risks and opportunities”.

Through its Sustainable Procurement Policy, the Group prompts the inclusion of biodiversity factors throughout the value chain by exchanging with key suppliers and subcontractors and supporting them in nature-related challenges (see ENGIE’s Procurement Policy: https://www.engie.com/en/group/ suppliers/sustainable-purchasing-policy). The Group also promotes ecological transition among its customers.

Policy in place [E4-2]

Focus 4: Awareness-raising and knowledge-sharing

[MDR-P 65a] [E4-2 23a, 23b, 23c]

Biodiversity policy has four focuses:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Focus 1: Land footprint and ecological continuities

Awareness-raising and training are crucial to the effective take-up of biodiversity as an integrated factor in the development of Group activities. The Group runs e-learning training on the subject, plus the biodiversity fresk.

To reduce the land or aquatic footprint, contribute to the restoration of ecological corridors and reduce the presence of invasive alien species, the Group:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To include biodiversity protection as effectively as possible in the development of its activities, and contribute to the pursuance of knowledge on biodiversity both locally and internationally, the Group maintains and develops partnerships with biodiversity players, such as the French Committee of the IUCN and the UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Center at Group corporate level.

• implements an ecological site management approach, which aims to eliminate the use of chemical phytosanitary products, and which is based on maintenance practices that are adapted to the seasonal cycles of living organisms and promote local biodiversity;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

It fosters the exchange of practices within its internal network of experts and practitioners, and supports and promotes operational initiatives aimed at developing innovative solutions that bene ˱t local communities throughout the life-cycle of its activities. In addition, ENGIE is working on measuring the biodiversity footprint of its activities, and on supporting PhD and research studies.

• locates protected areas and sensitive zones in the vicinity of its industrial sites, using tools made available to all employees, identi ˱es and quali˱es the proximity of its sites to determine, in consultation with local stakeholders, the most appropriate actions to minimize the impacts, or even transform them into positive impacts, while exploring innovative certi˱cation and ˱nancing tools;

[E4-2 23f]

• is committed to applying the avoid-reduce-compensate approach to project development worldwide.

Focus 2: Biodiversity and climate change

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The biodiversity policy takes into account the consequences of impacts on the territories in which the Group operates, in line with its policy of stakeholder engagement (https:// www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/202207/Stakeholders%20engagement%20policy_0.pdf), which include affected communities, local communities and indigenous peoples.

To help reduce the pressure on biodiversity caused by climate change, the Group has introduced a climate policy aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions from its own activities, and those of its customers and suppliers (see Section 3.1.2.1.2).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Wherever possible, the Group strives to identify and implement Nature-Based Solutions in line with the IUCN standard, helping to restore biodiversity and ecosystems and also adapt to the impacts of climate change and natural disasters.

[MDR-P] Biodiversity policy

Scope of application The policy applies to all Group activities, and to the upstream chain. It covers consolidated ˱nancial reporting entities.

The Group’s ESG Department.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Accountable for implementation

• Compliance with environmental and societal laws and regulations applicable to operations in countries where the Group operates;

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives

• Contributor to the global objectives of the Kunming Montreal Convention on Biological Diversity, de ˱ned in the Global Framework for Biodiversity;

• Committed to the French National Strategy for Biodiversity since its launch;

• Signatory to the Cancun pledge in 2016;

• Member of Business for Nature’s “Make it Mandatory” campaign at the Kunming Montreal COP 15 in 2022 and “Now for Nature” in 2024;

• Commitment to the “act4nature” approach from 2018, then to Entreprises Engagées pour la Nature and “act4nature International” from 2021 (commitments updated in 2023).

How the policy is made available

The policy is public and available on the ENGIE website: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/ assets/documents/2025-02/ENGIE%20-%20Biodiversity%20Policy.pdf

[Page 136] Actions [E4-3]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

2028

Develop action plans for identi ˱ed material priority sites

Continuous improvement in the management of risks and impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems at operating sites

Industrial entities in consolidated ˱nancial reporting

2025

Optimum conciliation of project development and implementation with local biodiversity and ecosystem matters

Group projects submitted to the Group and GBU Investment Committees

Apply the “avoid-reducecompensate” sequence i.e. the mitigation hierarchy to development projects

2030

Better preservation of the integrity of biodiversity and ecosystems on the Group’s industrial sites, and contribution to the restoration of ecological corridors

Industrial entities in consolidated ˱nancial reporting

Implement ecological management for all the Group’s industrial activities, in particular without the use of chemical phytosanitary products

2025

All Group entities, consolidated and non‑consolidated

Implement Nature-Based Solutions (NBS) Identi˱cation and implementation of solutions combining the resilience of industrial sites and the areas in which they are located with the preservation and/or restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Nature-Based Solutions registered meet the IUCN standard.

• Examples

[MDR-A 68e] The Group’s Nature-Based Solutions validated by the IUCN French Committee in 2025 are listed below:

The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the type of project or site. In practice, the main costs incurred in implementing the above‑mentioned action plans are related to conservation/ preservation, restoration and sustainable management of biodiversity and ecosystems. Such actions call upon the local, scienti˱c and naturalist expertise of ecology and landscape consultancies, research laboratories and universities.

[MDR-A 68b] [E4-4 32d] [MDR-T 80c] Stakeholder analysis is carried out locally, site-by-site. Group-wide consolidation has not been carried out.

[E4-3 28a] [E4-3 28bi] Compensation measures, their objectives and their key metrics are determined in the impact study carried out at the project stage. This information has not been consolidated Group-wide.

• restoration of degraded ecosystems : the goal of the Araucaria Project in Brazil is to validate in the ˱eld restoration models for degraded ecosystems within Legal Reserves in the Parana region, using native species, speci˱cally the araucaria, which is currently threatened with extinction. These models enable the restoration of areas that previously generated no income for farmers and failed to preserve water and biodiversity due to severe degradation. This project fosters the socio-economic development of participating local farmers while addressing the challenge of climate change mitigation through araucaria forest restoration;

[E4-3 28bii] The ˱nancial impacts (direct and indirect costs) and the measures to compensate for biodiversity loss are not available at Group level for 2025.

[E4-3 28biii] The description of compensation measures, specifying in particular the area concerned, the type of measure, the qualitative criteria applied and the standards to which these measures correspond, are not available for 2025.

• creation of a marine protected area : the ENGIE Foundation is co-funding a project supported by the Goodplanet Foundation to preserve the remarkable biodiversity of Sainte-Marie Island on the east coast of Madagascar, in partnership with GRET. The project aims to establish a locally governed marine protected area and includes the ecological restoration of coral reefs and mangroves. This increases the resilience of local communities and ecosystems to climate change impacts and improves natural disaster risk management. The project simultaneously includes the development of sustainable income-generating activities such as community ecotourism and agroecology, to strengthen the socioeconomic development and food security of Sainte-Marie’s residents.

[E4-3 28c] The use of Nature-based Solutions (1) is a key Group action. Such solutions are integrated into the positive impacts of its double materiality, and the Group implements them in its activities in accordance with the IUCN Global Standard. Compliance with this standard requires the involvement of local stakeholders, which means drawing on their environmental and societal expertise, and where necessary raising awareness or providing training in practices that are bene ˱cial to their development and to local biodiversity.

(1) The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) de ˶nes the concept of nature-based solutions (NBS) as “actions to protect, sustainably manage, and restore natural and modi˶ed ecosystems that address societal challenges effectively and adaptively, simultaneously bene˶ting people and nature”.

[Page 137] Targets [E4-4]

[MDR-T 78] [E4-4 32C, 32F]

Nature and description

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of target

Baseline value (base year) 2024 reporting 2025 reporting

Intermediate target (target year) Target year Performance versus target

Corresponding IROs

Percentage of priority material sites with an action plan / (2020) 84.5% 100% 80% (2025) 100% (2028) compliant (E4-I2), (E4-I3), (E4-I4), (E4–R1), (E4-R2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

100% of projects (2025)

Percentage of development projects having applied the avoid-reduce-compensate sequence

/ (2020) 91% 100% 100% of ˱les submitted to the Investment Committee (2024)

compliant (E4-I1), (E4-I2), (E4-I4), (E4-R1), (E4-R2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Percentage of active sites covered by an ecological management plan, in particular without the use of chemical phytosanitary products

/ (2020) 63% 68% 50% (2025) 100% (2030) compliant (E4-I1), (E4-I3), (E4-I4), (E4-R1), (E4-R2)

Nature-based Solutions (NBS) / (2020) 4 (1 in 2023 and 3 in 2024)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6 10 (2025) noncompliant (E4-I1), (E4-I2), (E4-I3), (E4-I4), (E4-R1), (E4-R2)

[MDR-T 79c] Comments for FY2025

Evaluation of target effectiveness [MDR-T 79a]

In 2025, all operating sites identi ˱ed as material priorities had an action plan to address their biodiversity and ecosystem challenges.

• The effectiveness of action plans for material priority sites is measured by ESG managers at country level during the annual reporting campaign;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Application of the avoid-reduce-compensate sequence for each project is assessed by the Group and GBU Investment Committees;

The 2025 target for Nature-based Solutions implementation was not met. Only six solutions were validated by the IUCN. The demanding nature of the standard makes the preparation and validation of dossiers more complex.

• The relevance of Nature-based Solutions is measured against the IUCN Global Standard criteria.

[E4-4 32a] The targets set by the Group are not based on ecological thresholds.

Impact metrics on biodiversity and ecosystems change [E4-5]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-T 80a] The targets meet the objectives of the Global Framework on Biological Diversity as set out in the biodiversity policy.

[E4-5 35] The application of new operational criteria in the methodology for identifying material priority sites has led to a change in the number of sites identi ˱ed. In 2025, the 25 priority material sites were located in or near biodiversity-sensitive areas. These sites cover a total surface area of 1134.44 hectares. This surface area increased compared with 2024, mainly due to the identi˱cation of eight new material sites, most of which are wind farms.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E4-4 32b] The Group’s targets are aligned with the Kunming Montreal global framework, the EU strategy, and national regulatory frameworks. The Group’s biodiversity strategy is part of its Nature Positive approach. In late 2023, the Group strengthened and updated its objectives and commitments for 2030 to reinforce and adapt them to the global Nature Positive (1) pathway.

[E4-5 38] The Group is not yet in possession of metrics on the impact drivers of land-use change, freshwater-use change or sea-use change.

[E4-4 32d] Targets apply to all countries where the Group operates.

(1) According to the Nature Positive Initiative (2023), the goal is de ˶ned as: “Halt and reverse nature loss by 2030 on a 2020 baseline, and achieve full recovery by 2050”. Nature Positive represents an ambitious, inclusive and intuitive encapsulation of societal goals for nature, including the Convention on Biological Diversity's Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework (KMGBF).

[Page 138] 3.1.2.2.5 Resource use and circular economy [ESRS E5]

Introduction [IRO-1]

Policies, processes [E5-1]

The circular economy and natural resources policy was updated in 2024 and features eight key levers:

[ESRS E5 IRO-1 11a, 11b, AR 1-6] The double materiality assessment carried out at the head of the Group identi ˱ed the following impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs), broken down into three sub-topics.

1) A sub-topic on pressure on natural resources, with:

• eco-design: by encouraging eco-design, the Group can minimize the environmental and societal impacts of a product or industrial asset from the onset, reducing the use of new materials, including rare earths and critical materials for which there may be market tensions, possibly of a geopolitical nature, especially in the renewable energies sector;

• preserve: by reducing energy consumption (with a priority on energy sobriety and ef ˱ciency), the Group contributes to the preservation of natural resources;

• negative impact: pressure on resources, con ˳icts of use and geopolitical issues (e.g. competition with food for biomethane production, competition with wood, etc.), particularly for critical materials used by renewable energies in relation to impacts linked to resources [AR 7b] , or upkeep of the status quo, [AR 7c] or risks linked to the transition to a circular economy [AR 7e] ,

• positive impact: reduction in demand for resources resulting from (i) lower energy demand due to energy ef ˱ciency, (ii) eco-design of equipment and (iii) optimized operation of energy assets linked to circular economy opportunities [AR 7d] ,

• optimize: by combining, for example, its material, waste and energy ˳ows with those of neighbor partners, the Group can contribute to the emergence of a resourceef˱cient and cost-ef˱cient “industrial and territorial ecology”, in a win-win approach with its stakeholders, as with heat reuse or the call on local resources;

• risk: counterparty/supplier risk in the event of inability to honor contractual commitments on renewable energy projects owing to supply constraints regarding the resources used [AR 7b] and to maintaining the status quo [AR 7c] , or to risks regarding the transition to a circular economy [AR 7e] ,

• reuse: by reusing products or services, the Group reduces the production of waste or the use of natural resources, and contributes to the energy transition by adapting existing assets (converting gas networks to hydrogen, for example) that no longer meet the needs of an operating entity, or by recovering spare parts via a stock managed at Group level or during the dismantling of assets;

2) A sub-topic on the reuse of industrial assets with:

• repair: by repairing damaged or out-of-service products, such as used boilers or photovoltaic panels, the Group reduces the footprint of its activities while creating new jobs in the value chain;

• opportunity: the reuse and upgrading of Group infrastructure to support the energy transition (e.g., coal converted to biomass, gas networks adapted to hydrogen and biogas, wind turbines), in relation to material opportunities linked to the circular economy [AR 7d] ,

• opportunity: the strong demand for heating and cooling networks and methanization using local resources (biomass, geothermal energy, waste heat, manure, etc.), in relation to material opportunities linked to the circular economy [AR 7d] .

• recycle: by identifying appropriate recycling channels, particularly for renewable solar and wind energy and batteries, and stepping up recycling for waste generated by industrial activities and dismantling operations, the Group transforms waste into resources, thereby limiting the quantity of waste to be disposed of and the impact on natural resources;

3) A sub-topic on the dismantling of industrial assets with:

• risk: the increased costs for dismantling networks and treating the waste produced, regarding upkeep of the status quo [AR 7c] or the risks regarding the transition to a circular economy [AR 7e] .

• innovate: the Group is open to fresh approaches on strengthening the economy of resources, such as functionality economy (which prioritizes use rather than sale of a product), and provides innovative tools to support the decision-making process on the circular economy in industrial zones;

• empower: the Group uses resources sustainably through certi ˱ed or labeled channels (as for biomass).

[AR7a] The main entities concerned are: Renewables & Flex Power GBU for the ˱rst sub-topic; Networks GBU and Renewables & Flex Power GBU for the second; and, for the third, Electrabel, Renewables & Flex Power GBU and Local Energy Infrastructures.

Over the next few years, the Group’s businesses will be working to chart a circular economy roadmap in line with the Group’s policy.

[Page 139] IRO POSITIONS WITH REGARD TO CIRCULAR ECONOMY AND NATURAL RESOURCES POLICY LEVERS

Policy focuses

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Eco-design

Preserve

Optimize

Reuse

Repair

Recycle

Innovate

Empower

Impacts, risks and opportunities

Pressure on resources, con ˳icts of use and geopolitical issues • • • • • •

Reduction in demand for resources resulting from (i) lower energy demand due to energy ef ˱ciency, (ii) eco‑design of equipment and (iii) optimized operation of energy assets

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reuse and upgrade to the Group’s infrastructure to support the energy transition • • • • • •

Increased costs for dismantling networks and treating the waste produced • • • •

Counterparty/supplier risk in the event of inability to meet contractual commitments • • • •

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Strong demand for DHC and methanization from local resources • • • • •

[MDR-P] Circular economy and natural resources policy

Scope of application The policy applies to all Group activities, and to the upstream chain. It covers consolidated ˱nancial reporting entities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In charge of implementation The Group’s ESG Department

• Compliance with environmental and societal laws and regulations applicable to operations in countries where the Group operates

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives

• Contributor to professional associations and non-governmental organizations (OREE, RECORD, Circul’R) to promote the exchange of best practices

• Contributor to working groups of French employers’ organizations (Afep, Medef)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The policy is public and available on the ENGIE website:

How the policy is made available

https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/2025-02/ENGIE - Circular Economy Policy.pdf

The GBU’s strategy is threefold:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• transparency: assess the multiple risks involved in the manufacture of wind turbines and photovoltaic modules throughout the materials value chain;

• waste reduction: improve anticipation of the end-of-life of renewable assets, to increase the value generated by dismantled components;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E5-1 15a] Under the climate transition plan outlined in Section 3.1.2.1.3, the development of renewable electrical energies and biomethane will reduce demand for fossil fuels and thus reduce the extraction of natural resources (coal, natural gas), thereby addressing the positive and negative impacts regarding natural resources. In addition, actions involving eco-design and the recycling of materials (such as solar panels and wind turbines) also reduce pressure on the extraction of virgin resources. This concept refers to resources, even renewable ones, for which overexploitation is creating a risk of scarcity, and potentially depletion, on a global scale.

• partnerships: promote the sustainable use of materials throughout the manufacturing and dismantling processes for wind turbine modules and photovoltaic panels, by forming innovative partnerships with suppliers.

[E5-1 15b] On sustainable procurement, ENGIE applies ESG criteria to all of its purchases, including energy purchases (see Section 3.1.4.2 Sustainable procurement).

Sub-topic on pressure on natural resources

The matter related to pressure on natural resources, including critical materials, mainly concerns the renewable energies activities of the Renewables & Flex Power GBU.

In line with the objective of reducing demand for natural resources and promoting the repairability and recycling of assets, in the ˱rst half of 2024, the GBU in charge of renewable energies took up a sustainability strategy, one section of which addresses three aspects of the circular economy, de˱ned by a set of practices with the purpose of preserving natural resources and raw materials and reducing waste. Actions undertaken in this respect consist of optimizing the use of resources by promoting reuse, repair and recycling to achieve development compatible with sustainability matters.

[Page 140] Actions and resources [E5-2]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected results Scope of application Time horizon

2030

Continue to implement the Material Risks Passport Four technologies in 2025 New criticality reviews at the request of the business lines

Develop energy recovery from industrial and tertiary processes, using local resources New business opportunities LEI GBU activities Recurring annual action

optimized resource management. ENGIE is developing visualization technology that will make it easier to take these risks into account during decision-making processes.

With the exception of actions on energy recovery, which require CAPEX (shared with climate change action plans, and therefore allocated to these), the other actions will require expenditure (OPEX) which will vary according to the Group’s activity in implementing or monitoring the action plans. Given the nature of these expenses, the amounts are considered as potentially having no signi ˱cant ˱nancial impact.

[MDR-A 68d] Focus on LCA and Material Risks Passport

Life-cycle assessment

[MDR-M 77a, 77b] Data can come from various sources. As a priority, ENGIE asks its suppliers for the necessary information. If they are unable to provide full data, data is drawn from internal databases and previous studies carried out by ENGIE. If data is still lacking, it is sought from bibliographic studies based on public data and from scienti ˱c literature and research.

[MDR-A 68e] Energy recovery - an example of action

For many years, ENGIE has been carrying out studies using the standardized LCA methodology. These studies cover the majority of the products and services provided by the Group (energy production using photovoltaic panels and wind turbines, energy storage using batteries, biomethane production, heating networks, etc.). They make it possible to assess the environmental impact at every stage of the life-cycle, from raw materials extraction through to product production, transport, use and end-of-life. This approach provides a comprehensive view of environmental impacts and helps identify opportunities for improvement and assessment.

LCA studies are carried out on an ongoing basis by a dedicated Group team, using the latest methodologies and tools. Previous LCAs are regularly updated to re ˳ect methodological advances and the latest data supplied by the Group or its suppliers.

In 2025, the Lesaffre group signed an agreement with ENGIE Solutions to install a new waste heat recovery unit at Lesaffre’s Marcq-en-Barœul plant. The entire project is based on complementarity all production stages. The purpose of the unit is to capture the heat generated on site, currently dissipated into the air via cooling towers, and redirect it to another production stage requiring heat, which is currently provided by a gas- ˱red boiler. Speci˱cally, two heat pumps with a total capacity of 19 MWth will be installed to recover the heat produced in the fermentation process during the yeast cell multiplication stage and enable it to be used in another production process at the plant, drying the yeast. In addition to reducing CO 2 emissions, this system will also reduce the site’s water consumption by around 150,000 m³ of water per year.

The Material Risks Passport

Targets [E5-3]

[E5-3 24a, b, c, d]

ENGIE does not currently have speci ˱c Group-wide targets for minimizing the use of natural resources or increasing the use of recycled resources. Identi˱cation work will be carried out with the various entities over the next few years. The Group will continue applying its Material Risk Passport to other technologies to prepare for this identi˱cation process.

In addition to LCA studies covering environmental impact in all value chains, ENGIE is currently working on rollout of the Material Risks Passport, to identify the risks involved in the consumption of natural resources in energy production and storage technologies. The aim is to closely identify and assess the risks associated with resources. The methodology covers aspects including: availability/scarcity of raw materials, criticality of materials, substitutability of materials, geopolitical risks, societal risks and traceability of materials. It also meets the requirements of Article 24 of the European Regulation of April 11, 2024, setting a framework to ensure secure and sustainable supply of critical raw materials in terms of business risk preparedness.

[MDR-A 68e] The Passport seeks improved understanding and anticipation of the risks associated with the raw materials used in the Group’s technologies, thereby facilitating proactive supply management. Since 2024, a total of nine technologies have been studied, four of which were added or updated in 2025, covering ˱ve activity families: solar, wind, batteries, electrolyzers and power grids. As well as helping to minimize risks, this initiative also strengthens the Group’s position in an economy increasingly focused on sustainability and

[E5-3 24c, AR17] To evaluate the criticality of renewable technologies, the Group continued to roll out its Material Risk Passport. In 2025, risks were studied for two new technologies – an inverter and a transformer – alongside an update for the photovoltaic sector. The photovoltaic update improved the “TOPCon Bifacial” case study initiated in 2024 in partnership with the CEA (French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission) and the INES (National Institute for Solar Energy). This enabled the supplementation of literature-based data with operational data and made several points of the Bill of Materials (BOM) parametric. The BOM covers essential elements of the production process, from design to production and product assembly. This broadens the scope of the case studies conducted to date.

[Page 141] KPIs [E5-4]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

and regulatory developments. The Group therefore strives to keep a close watch on developments to deepen its understanding of the exact raw materials used. Efforts are also underway to include all the Group’s technologies in studies to ensure a more comprehensive and systematic approach to materials analysis. This approach ensures a rigorous life cycle assessment (LCA) of the Group’s production assets at each stage of the value chain.

[E5-4 30] With regard to the Group’s business model and the impacts, risks and opportunities identi ˱ed, the main incoming raw materials are natural gas, biomass, water and metals used in particular in renewable energy technologies. Studies carried out to date, and those underway, have identi˱ed a list of “typical materials” characteristic of this renewable energy installations. The Group does not, however, have a precise and exhaustive view of every material used in renewable energy technologies. And the studies in question do not cover all the technologies used by the Group.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E5-4 31a, 31b, 31c, AR 23, 32, AR 24] Given the nature of the Group’s current internal accounting nomenclature and purchasing data, the Group cannot report on the weights of materials purchased and the percentage of recycled materials they contain. Work on this aspect will be carried out over the next few years, drawing inspiration from practices in the energy sector.

Sub-topic on infrastructure reuse and upgrade

The main materials used in wind power plants include steel, copper, aluminum, zinc, lead, polymers, ˱berglass, concrete and rare earths. In photovoltaic panels, the typical composition usually includes aluminum, concrete, copper, silicon, zinc, rare earths, plastics/polymers and glass. Batteries are made from materials including lithium, graphite, iron, cobalt, aluminum, and plastics/polymers, among others. Electrolyzers contain nickel, copper, steel, zirconium and plastics/polymers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The repair and reuse of assets is a key aspect of the Group’s policy. Actions here include those with the Renewable & Flex Power GBU (an example being the conversion of power plants from coal to gas) and the Networks GBU (reuse of natural gas networks with biomethane).

It is important to note that, although these materials are typical of the technologies in question, exact compositions may vary according to suppliers, technological innovations

Actions and resources [E5-2]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Networks GBU activities Recurring annual activity

Develop biomethane in Europe (using local resources) Increase in the quantity of green gas from renewable, local organic matter fed into the network

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Repair assets to extend their lifespan Reduction in OPEX All operating activities Recurring annual activity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

With the exception of the action on biomethane development, which requires CAPEX (shared with the climate change action plans, and therefore allocated to the latter), the other actions will require expenditure (OPEX) that varies according to the Group’s activity in implementing or monitoring the action plans. Given the nature of these expenses, the amounts are considered as potentially having no signi ˱cant ˱nancial impact.

Biomethane development in Europe

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-A 68a] The development of green and renewable gases contributes to the preservation of natural resources as well as decarbonization. ENGIE included the development of renewable gases in its roadmap as from 2017.

In September 2024, ENGIE renewed its partnership with the Institut National de Recherche pour l’Agriculture, l’Alimentation et l’Environnement (INRAE) under an existing collaboration within national and European research programs and through thesis contracts. This agreement aims to pursue the development of innovative technological solutions for the reduction of organic residues and the production of renewable energy through methanization, taking into account environmental, societal and economic impacts. In 2025, ENGIE continued to develop the biomethane sector, with the construction of units in France. The biomethane injection momentum continued to grow strongly, with 802 sites in France injecting into gas networks at the end of 2025, including 73 sites that began injecting during this period.

[Page 142] Targets and KPIs [E5-3]

Nature and description of target 2024 reporting 2025 reporting Target Performance versus target

12%

Develop biomethane production capacity in Europe 1.2 TWh 1.2 TWh 10 TWh per year by 2035

29%

Expand biomethane injection capacity in France 13.0 TWh 14.5 TWh 50 TWh per year by 2030

Dismantling sub-topic

ENGIE is committed to responsible management of site dismantling. The dismantling of industrial assets chie ˳y concerns the Renewables & Flex Power GBU (coal and gas-˱red power plants, wind and solar power) and Electrabel in the nuclear sector. Dismantling operations are managed locally.

Actions and resources [E5-2]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected results Scope of application Time horizon

2037

Dismantling nuclear power plants in Belgium (action not yet begun) Units dismantled in accordance with regulations

Doel 3 and Tihange 2 reactors within the Electrabel subsidiary

Maximize the value of hazardous and non-hazardous waste from dismantled sites Increase in recycling and reuse rate All operating activities Recurring annual activity

[MDR-A 69b, c] The costs and provisions related to future nuclear dismantling are detailed in Note 17.2 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

Note on the dismantling of nuclear power plants in Belgium

Note on the dismantling of non-nuclear sites

[MDR-A 68e] There was no signi ˱cant dismantling activity in 2025.

The reactors concerned are currently in the ˱nal shutdown phase, which comprises four stages: unloading of the reactor and transfer of the nuclear fuel to the deactivation pools, decontamination of the primary circuit, evacuation of the fuel to temporary storage buildings, then evacuation of the ˱lters and resins, ˱nal rinsing of the circuits and pools, and evacuation of waste, ef˳uents and hazardous products.

Once dismantling operations are suf˱ciently advanced, and if the permit so allows, Electrabel will start dismantling the installations in 2028, according to the current schedule. Dismantling activities in the reactor building will determine the duration of this phase.

[MDR-A 68a, b] Given the growing importance of access to critical materials needed for renewable energies, and the challenges of managing end-of-life of assets in the years ahead, an end-of-life strategy is of crucial importance for each country in the Renewable & Flex Power GBU. Key points of this strategy concern the structure of the GBU’s approach to dismantling wind and solar farms, and the implementation of an environmentally-conscious method for managing the growing volumes in the years ahead. This means anticipating and mitigating the ˱nancial risks involved in asset dismantling, ensuring effective cost management, identifying potential risks, and complying with regulations.

The main principles applied by this GBU are:

• zero land ˱ll: land˱ll must be avoided for all dismantled renewable energy assets;

• environmentally-sound dismantling: dismantling practices must minimize environmental impact and disruption to ecosystems and local communities; all hazardous materials must be disposed of safely, in compliance with local and international regulations;

All dismantling operations at nuclear installations are subject to the safety imperatives set by the Federal Agency for Nuclear Control (FANC). The dismantling process also involves the management of waste, which must either be evacuated immediately or treated on site before being sent to Belgoprocess. Some 98% of the waste generated by dismantling a nuclear power plant is conventional waste (concrete and metals) that will be recycled and recovered as far as possible. Residual radioactive waste will be sorted, treated and packaged before being transported to storage or disposal centers adapted to its type, pursuant to the agreement signed with the Belgian government.

• extended service life: the service life of renewable assets must be extended wherever possible, and the use of second-hand spare parts promoted;

[Page 143] • stakeholder engagement: approach should be made to external stakeholders such as recycling companies and local communities, to support and improve waste disposal efforts;

of radioactive waste from nuclear power plants. Publication of detailed information on the volumes of fuel or high-level radioactive waste is prohibited by the Belgian Royal Decree of October 17, 2011 titled, “Royal Decree regarding the physical protection of nuclear materials and nuclear installations”.

• sharing of best practices: best practices and lessons learned should be shared across the GBU to achieve continuous improvements in end-of-life processes;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Non-nuclear sites

[E5-3 27 AR 20] For dismantling operations, ENGIE complies with local, national and international legislation on waste.

• data collection for reporting purposes: reporting should be carried out on the quantities of materials recovered, recycled and disposed of, and on recycling and land ˱ll detour rates.

Recycling or reusing wind turbines and solar panels is one of the nine commitments of the Sustainable Energy Transition label.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-A 68c] This type of recycling or reuse operation usually takes around six months.

[E5-3 24e, 25] ENGIE does not have speci ˱c targets on the management of dismantling waste, except for the Renewable & Flex Power GBU, which targets at least 90% recycling for materials from dismantled photovoltaic panels (chie˳y to recover valuable materials such as silicon, glass and metals), and at least 90% of materials from wind turbine blades. Work with other GBU on this matter will be carried out over the next few years.

Targets [E5-3]

Nuclear sites

KPIs [E5-5]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[E5-5 37, 37a, 37d, 38, 38a 38b] The Group’s environmental reporting does not specify waste types, quantities, destinations or the grading of waste treatment methods for dismantling projects. Work will be carried out over the next few years to meet any standards applicable here.

[E5-5 39] In Belgium, waste from nuclear power plants, particularly radioactive waste from dismantling, is monitored by Electrabel, but also by the Belgian National Agency for Radioactive Waste and Enriched Fissile Material ( Organisme national des déchets radioactifs et des matières ˶ssiles enrichies – ONDRAF), which is responsible for the management

Non-material but important information for the Group

Indicators relating to waste are published, although they are not material in the sense of the double materiality analysis, in order to ensure continuity with the Group's previous publications and to meet the expectations of external stakeholders.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Metric Unit ENGIE 2024 ENGIE 2025

Total quantity of non-hazardous waste and by-products discharged (including sludge) t 1,024,545 1,482,878

Total quantity of non-hazardous waste and by-products recovered (including sludge) t 870,972 1,052,150

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total quantity of hazardous waste and by-products discharged (including sludge and excluding radioactive waste) t 31,695 38,712

Total quantity of hazardous waste and by-products recovered (including sludge and excluding radioactive waste) t 7,021 12,818

Comments for FY2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The increase in total non-hazardous waste is mainly due to coal- ˱red output in response to energy demand in Chile (ash), and the development of biomethane production (digestates). One-off work carried out on a thermal generation site in Belgium explains the change in hazardous waste production.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 144] 3.1.2.3 European Taxonomy

3.1.2.3.1 Methodology for the classi ˱cation of activities

government and the Group extending the operation of the two Belgian units Doel 4 and Tihange 3, which are owned in equal parts by the two parties, was ˱nalized on March 14, 2025. This dedicated legal structure is consolidated using the equity method, which excludes it from the scope of the Taxonomy. Henceforth, only drawing rights on French power plants identi˱ed as Taxonomy-eligible by EDF will also be identi˱ed as eligible by the Group.

Non-eligible activities mainly relate to sales of electricity and gas as a marketer (1) or trader), as these activities are currently excluded from the scope of the Taxonomy.

In order to direct European industrial investments toward sustainable activities and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, the European Union has established a regulatory framework by adopting Regulation No. 2020/852 of June 18, 2020 and the adoption of four delegated acts – (2021/2139) dated June 4, 2021, (2022/1214) dated March 9, 2022 and (2023/2485 and 2023/2486) dated June 27, 2023 – a European Taxonomy that de ˱nes the economic activities deemed environmentally sustainable. The adoption on July 4, 2025 of Delegated Regulation 2026/73 introduced simplifying measures applied by the ENGIE Group. These measures ease the generic Do No Signi˱cant Harm (DNSH) criteria regarding pollution prevention and reduction, and simplify the models for reporting indicators. In 2026, the Group will study the application of materiality thresholds to exclude non-material activities.

The second stage consisted of determining, among the eligible activities, those that made a substantial contribution to the climate change mitigation or adaptation objective by assessing their compliance with the technical review criteria presented in the delegated acts. The life-cycle assessment criterion of 100 g CO 2 /kWh does not currently qualify the Group’s natural gas- ˱red power generation assets on its own. Among the technical review criteria, the activity is considered aligned if:

• for hydropower generation: the hydropower plant was a “run of the river” type or can demonstrate a power ˳ux density of more than 5 W/m 2 – certain large capacity hydropower installations are therefore not aligned for this reason;

The Group followed a four-step process to identify the activities which are eligible and aligned in accordance with the European Regulation governing the Taxonomy of sustainable activities (2020/852) across all the countries where the Group operates. For Taxonomy-eligible activities, the process covered all six Taxonomy objectives: the two climate objectives concerning climate change mitigation and adaptation as well as the four other environmental objectives: sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to a circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

• for the heating networks: the energy system was ef ˱cient as de˱ned by the EU (using at least 50% renewables, 50% residual heat, 75% cogenerated heat or 50% a combination of such energy and heat);

• for the installation of energy ef ˱ciency equipment or energy performance services in the buildings: the activity is related to one of the activities described.

The analysis of economic activities across all six objectives shows that the Group is mainly concerned with the mitigation objective, in line with its purpose and its decarbonization strategy (see Section 3.1.5.6 Taxonomy tables). Activities related to other objectives, which are not material with regard to the indicators covered by the European Taxonomy, are therefore implicitly included in the mitigation objective declared for the Group.

The third stage related to compliance with technical review criteria ensuring no detriment to the other environmental objectives (Do No Signi ˱cant Harm – DNSH). Risk management relating to climate change, water resources, the circular economy, the erosion of biodiversity and air pollution is covered by ENGIE’s environmental policies (see ESRS E1 to E5 and the Group’s website: https://www.engie.com/en/group/ social-responsibility/csr-goals). The compliance assessment was carried out by environmental coordinators for each activity based on the following main elements:

• the analysis of risks relating to climate change (physical risks), water stress, pollution (NOx, SOx, PM), the conservation of protected areas which is updated each year as part of environmental reporting on sites in operation;

• the preparation of an environmental management plan as part of the Group’s voluntary ESG objectives;

• EMAS (1) and ISO 14001 certi ˱cation for installations with the highest environmental impact such as hydropower production sites.

The ˱rst stage consisted of studying the eligibility of activities and dividing the Group’s economic activities into two categories: eligible and non-eligible. To do so, the Group determined which of its activities strictly corresponded to an economic activity described in one of the delegated acts (2021/2139), (2022/1214) or (2023/2486). The primary activities identi ˱ed as eligible are Renewable & BESS (wind, solar, hydro, geothermal electricity production and storage), Gas Generation (fossil-fuel electricity production) and Local Energy Infrastructures (heat production and distribution with or without gas or biomass cogeneration, energy ef˱ciency services). For the Networks scope, activities relating to the greening of injected, transported and distributed natural gas were taken into account in proportion to the green gas transported in the networks (activities 4.9 – Transmission and distribution of electricity and 4.14 – Transport and distribution networks for renewable and low-carbon gas). In nuclear power generation, the agreement between the Belgian

(1) This term is used as de ˶ned in the glossary in Section 7.9.

[Page 145] 3.1.2.3.2 Calculation method for indicators

EU Regulation No. 2021/2078 dated July 6, 2021 requires this Sustainability Statement, to disclose, as of 2022, the rate of eligibility and alignment of economic activities with the Taxonomy using three indicators de ˱ned by said Taxonomy:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• turnover (Revenues);

• capital expenditure (CAPEX);

• operating expenses (OPEX).

The Revenues, CAPEX and OPEX indicators used for these eligibility rate calculations are strictly in line with the Taxonomy de ˱nitions.

The fourth stage related to the Group’s compliance with minimum safeguards. This compliance is achieved thanks to the policies of the Group’s Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department and in particular through the policy relating to human rights which refers to major international standards, and the Integrity and Ethics Compliance reference systems for the establishment of anti-corruption and fair competition procedures, and through risk analysis and vigilance action plans, as well as the system for whistleblowing and reporting ethics incidents. A description of the system and the Vigilance Plan is available in Sections 3.1.4.1 Business conduct and ethics and 3.2 Vigilance Plan, and on the Group’s website: www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/whistleblowing-system and www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/vigilance-plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Activities considered aligned are those that correspond favorably to the four stages described above. Additionally, the results are the subject of an oversight note at the level of the EESDC and the Board of Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Revenues refers to the Group’s published revenues (see Note 7 Revenues of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements), i.e., it excludes the revenues of entities consolidated using the equity method (like Ocean Winds, a partnership with EDP Renovàveis in offshore wind). Moreover, revenues from an energy production site eligible for the Taxonomy must be included even if the ˱nal sale to an external third party is carried out by the Group’s marketer (S&EM), and not directly by the entity producing the sustainable energy.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The CAPEX indicator de ˱ned by the Taxonomy is different from that used by ENGIE in its management dialogue and in its ˱nancial communication to the market (growth CAPEX). In particular, the Taxonomy does not include ˱nancial investments in companies accounted for using the equity method, or Design Build Own Operate (DBSO) disposals including tax equity received. The reconciliation between ENGIE CAPEX and Taxonomy CAPEX is as follows (the reconciliation between CAPEX and growth CAPEX is presented in Note 5.6 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements):

Data at December 31, 2025 (in millions of euros)

Capital expenditure (CAPEX) (1) Taxonomy CAPEX

Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 8,183 8,183

Amounts received under tax equity schemes -916 -14

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(-) Change in investment liabilities relating to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets -56

Additions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets arising from “Business combinations” 858

Changes in scope – Acquisitions 129

(+) Other 2

Acquisitions of controlling interests in entities, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 653

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Cash and cash equivalents acquired 72

Acquisitions of investments in entities accounted for using the equity method and joint operations 243

Acquisitions of equity and debt instruments 1,750

Change in loans and receivables originated by the Group and others -8,523

(-) Impact of disposals relating to DBSO activities -1,058

(-) Synatom ˶nancial investments/Disposal of Synatom ˶nancial assets 7,410

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Change in ownership interests in controlled entities

Right-of-use assets (IFRS 16) 612

TOTAL 7,946 9,583

(1) See Note 5.6 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˶nancial statements.

[Page 146] Since 2022, ENGIE has adapted its chart of accounts to strictly adhere to the de ˱nition adopted by the European regulation for the OPEX indicator, i.e., direct costs not recognized as assets for research and development, the renovation of buildings, leases, maintenance and repairs, and any other direct expense relating to the routine maintenance of property, plant and equipment. The 2025 results are presented in the three tables below, broken down by segment and with a comparison with 2024.

2025 REVENUES (TURNOVER) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

Segment Eligible Revenues (€ millions) : A Aligned Revenues (€ millions) : B Total Revenues (€ millions) : C

Eligible proportion of Revenues: (A/C)

Aligned proportion of Revenues: (B/C)

Renewables & Flex Power 8,457 5,325 9,860 86% 54%

Renewables & BESS 5,506 5,322 5,560 99% 96%

Gas generation 2,951 3 4,300 69% 0%

Networks 906 780 7,992 11% 10%

Local Energy Infrastructures 6,757 5,886 8,831 77% 67%

Supply & Energy Management 57 57 42,495 0% 0%

Of which Energy Management 0 0 6,626 0% 0%

Of which One BtoB 0 0 23,862 0% 0%

Of which One BtoC 57 57 11,926 0% 0%

Other 2,316 1,938 2,765 84% 70%

Nuclear 792 792 539

Other 1,524 1,146 2,226 68% 51%

TOTAL 18,492 13,986 71,944 26% 19 %

2024 REVENUES (TURNOVER) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

Aligned proportion of Revenues: (B/C)

Eligible proportion of Revenues: (A/C)

Segment Eligible Revenues (€ millions) : A Aligned Revenues (€ millions) : B Total Revenues (€ millions) : C

Renewables & Flex Power 8,643 5,566 10,398 83% 54%

Renewables & BESS 5,860 5,566 6,010 98% 93%

Gas generation 2,783 0 4,389 63% 0%

Networks 611 547 7,236 8% 8%

Local Energy Infrastructures 6,062 5,228 8,900 68% 59%

Supply & Energy Management 203 203 44,717 0% 0%

Of which Energy Management 0 0 6,083 0% 0%

Of which One BtoB 0 0 25,174 0% 0%

Of which One BtoC 65 65 13,316 0% 0%

Other 2,580 2,283 2,560 89%

Nuclear 890 890 68

Other 1,690 1,393 2,492 68% 56%

TOTAL 18,099 13,826 73,812 25% 19%

[Page 147] 2025 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

Segment Eligible CAPEX (€ millions) : A Aligned CAPEX (€ millions) : B Total CAPEX (€ millions) : C Eligible proportion of CAPEX: (A/C) Aligned proportion of CAPEX: (B/C)

Renewables & Flex Power 5,371 4,891 5,438 99% 90%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewables & BESS 4,902 4,891 4,941 99% 99%

Gas generation 469 0 498 94% 0%

Networks 371 283 2,016 18% 14%

Local Energy Infrastructures 761 555 909 84% 61%

Supply & Energy Management 0 0 603 0% 0%

Of which Energy Management 0 0 279 0% 0%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Of which One BtoB 0 0 121 0% 0%

Of which One BtoC 0 0 201 0% 0%

Other 117 84 617 19% 14%

Nuclear 72 72 145 50% 50%

Other 45 12 472 9% 2%

TOTAL 6,620 5,813 9,583 69% 61%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Information on the issuance of green bonds

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the Group’s commitments, ENGIE issues green bonds complying with the provisions of the Green Financing Framework. The proceeds of these bonds are used to ˱nance, in whole or in part, projects that support the transition to a low-carbon economy, particularly in renewable energies.

a maturity of 10 years or more), whereas the European Taxonomy CAPEX indicator is calculated on the investments made in the reporting period. In 2025, ENGIE allocated €3.0 billion in green bond proceeds, of which €2.0 billion related to expenditure incurred in 2025 for projects of the Renewables & Flex Power GBU (solar, wind, hydropower and energy storage). The speci˱ed activities are considered 100% eligible and aligned under the criteria of the European Taxonomy. In addition, the green bond proceeds allocated in 2025 include €0.6 billion in CAPEX committed in previous years and €0.2 billion in CAPEX excluded from the scope of the Taxonomy (equity method entities and R&I expenditure).

As a reminder, according to the Green Financing Framework (see Section 5.3 Green bonds), the Group has a period of 24 months following the issuance of the green ˱nancing instrument to allocate the funds to Green Eligible Projects, or to re˱nance them if necessary (three years if the bond has

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2024 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

Segment Eligible CAPEX (€ millions) : A Aligned CAPEX (€ millions) : B Total CAPEX (€ millions) : C Eligible proportion of CAPEX: (A/C) Aligned proportion of CAPEX: (B/C)

Renewables & Flex Power 7,095 6,485 7,250 98% 89%

Renewables & BESS 6,510 6,482 6,559 99% 99%

Gas generation 585 3 690 85% 0%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks 318 267 2,276 14% 12%

Local Energy Infrastructures 751 623 1,074 70% 58%

Supply & Energy Management 9 9 600 1% 1%

Of which Energy Management 0 0 317 0% 0%

Of which One BtoB 0 0 118 0% 0%

Of which One BtoC 9 9 166 5% 5%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other 210 192 1,095 19% 17%

Nuclear 88 88 336 26% 26%

Other 122 103 759 16% 14%

TOTAL 8,382 7,576 12,294 68% 62%

[Page 148] 2025 OPERATING EXPENSES (OPEX) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

Segment Eligible OPEX (€ millions) : A Aligned OPEX (€ millions) : B Total OPEX (€ millions) : C Eligible proportion of OPEX: (A/C) Aligned proportion of OPEX: (B/C)

Renewables & Flex Power 1,023 760 1,514 67% 50%

Renewables & BESS 785 750 866 91% 87%

Gas generation 238 10 647 36% 1%

Networks 132 84 816 16% 10%

Local Energy Infrastructures 970 803 1,349 72% 60%

Supply & Energy Management 0 0 105 0% 0%

Of which Energy Management 0 0 0 0% 0%

Of which One BtoB 0 0 0 0% 0%

Of which One BtoC 0 0 105 0% 0%

Other 836 593 1,168 72% 51%

Nuclear 39 39 366 11% 11%

Other 798 555 801 100% 69%

TOTAL 2,961 2,241 4,952 60% 45%

2024 OPERATING EXPENSES (OPEX) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

Segment Eligible OPEX (€ millions) : A Aligned OPEX (€ millions) : B Total OPEX (€ millions) : C Eligible proportion of OPEX: (A/C) Aligned proportion of OPEX: (B/C)

Renewables & Flex Power 965 699 1,333 72% 52%

Renewables & BESS 700 692 741 94% 93%

Gas generation 265 7 592 45% 1%

Networks 104 70 953 11% 7%

Local Energy Infrastructures 1,064 921 1,494 71% 62%

Supply & Energy Management 1 1 127 1% 1%

Of which Energy Management 0 0 0 0% 0%

Of which One BtoB 0 0 0 0% 0%

Of which One BtoC 1 1 127 1% 1%

Other 275 151 477 58% 32%

Nuclear 37 37 193 19% 19%

Other 237 113 285 83% 40%

TOTAL 2,408 1,842 4,384 55% 42%

Nuclear activities are eligible and aligned for those corresponding to drawing rights on French plants identi ˱ed as eligible and aligned by EDF.

In 2025, ENGIE recognized Taxonomy-eligible and aligned Revenues stable at 26% and 19% respectively, due to the normalization of merchant activities, Taxonomy-eligible CAPEX of 69% and Taxonomy-aligned CAPEX of 61%, also stable compared with 2024 (68% and 62% respectively), and Taxonomy-eligible OPEX of 60% and Taxonomy-aligned OPEX of 45%.

Lastly, the Supply and Energy Management activities (energy sales to companies and energy management services and solutions to support the decarbonization of the Group and its customers) are not Taxonomy-eligible as these activities remain outside the Taxonomy’s current scope.

In 2025, as was the case in 2024, these Group ˱gures cover major disparities from one business line to another.

The majority of Renewables & BESS activities are Taxonomyeligible (99% for Revenues, 99% for CAPEX) and almost all are Taxonomy-aligned (96% for Revenues, 99% for CAPEX).

Gas Generation activities are mostly Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned as regards Revenues (69% and 0%) and CAPEX (94% and 0% in 2025).

It should be noted that 88% of the 2026-2028 growth CAPEX plan (see 6.1.1.1.3 of Section 6.1.1 Management report) is eligible and 84% is aligned, which is signi ˱cantly higher than the percentages calculated across all CAPEX (growth and maintenance). These eligibility and alignment ratios in relation to growth CAPEX re˳ect the Group’s commitment to a carbon-neutral economy, which is demonstrated through its ˱nancial investments.

The majority of Local Energy Infrastructures activities are Taxonomy-eligible (77% for Revenues, 84% for CAPEX) and Taxonomy-aligned (67% for Revenues, 61% for CAPEX).

The Taxonomy analysis of the 2026-2028 CAPEX plan is presented in the tables below and includes the CAPEX indicator de˱ned under the Taxonomy and the CAPEX growth indicator as monitored at Group level (see Note 5.6 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

Only a minority of Networks activities are Taxonomy-eligible and aligned. On the other hand, the three gas network activities (transport, distribution and storage) will gradually become eligible and aligned as they are converted to renewable gas and hydrogen storage.

[Page 149] CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX) USED BY THE TAXONOMY

2026-2028 plan 2025-2027 plan

Segment

Eligible proportion Aligned proportion Eligible proportion Aligned proportion

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewables & Flex Power 98% 95% 100% 96%

Networks 42% 35% 40% 33%

Other 11% 10% 36% 36%

Capital expenditure used by the Taxonomy (growth and maintenance CAPEX) 72% 68% 72% 67%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GROWTH CAPEX

2026-2028 plan 2025-2027 plan

Segment

Eligible proportion Aligned proportion Eligible proportion Aligned proportion

Renewables & Flex Power 98% 97% 100% 99%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks 74% 62% 74% 65%

Other activities 72% 71% 46% 44%

Growth CAPEX (1) 88% 84% 87% 82%

(1) (See Note 5.6 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˶nancial statements).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The calculation of eligibility and alignment in terms of 2026‑2028 CAPEX is supported by expected expenditure for the Renewable & BESS activities, which represent more than half of the Group’s CAPEX.

The tables presenting the standard templates used for information related to 2025 data on the Revenues, CAPEX and OPEX indicators according to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2021/2178 of July 6, 2021 as amended by Annex 2026/73 are available in Section 3.1.5.6 Taxonomy tables.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.3 Social information [ESRS S1 to S4]

3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights [S1-1, S2-1, S3-1, S4-1]

Our approach

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This section describes the Group’s human rights approach and applies to all the material negative human rights impacts identi ˱ed in the framework of the double materiality assessment, informed by the risks identi˱ed via the vigilance process (see Section 3.2 Vigilance Plan for more information).

ENGIE believes that human rights are fundamental to the just energy transition to which it aspires and which lies at the heart of its purpose. ENGIE’s activities have a positive impact on many people and contribute to the development of the regions in which the Group operates. In particular, ENGIE provides access to energy and creates jobs in the countries where the Group operates. However, the positive impact ENGIE seeks to achieve can only be created if the rights of those affected by the company’s operations and value chain are upheld.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All IROs relating to own workforce, value chain workers, affected communities and consumers and end-users are described in Section 3.1.1.4.2. These IROs, along with the Group’s speci˱c commitments, policies, actions, targets and metrics are described in the sections on own workforce (Section 3.1.3.2), workers in the value chain (Sections 3.1.3.3 and 3.1.3.4), affected communities (Section 3.1.3.5) and consumers and end-users (Section 3.1.3.6).

The Group’s human rights commitments

ENGIE undertakes to (i) uphold the human rights of all individuals and groups potentially affected by its activities and (ii) ensure that its activities are conducted in compliance with the highest standards of protection and, at a minimum, in accordance with the provisions of international laws protecting and defending human rights. These commitments are set out in the Group’s Human Rights Vigilance Policy.

Respect for human rights is central to ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct, its policies, especially its Human Rights Vigilance Policy, and its Vigilance Plan (see Section 3.2.), which was drawn up in accordance with French law on the duty of vigilance of parent companies and ordering companies. The Group’s human rights commitments are also part of the Group’s social dialogue, particularly in the context of ENGIE’s Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and Social Responsibility, which was signed in January 2022. (see Section 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue). This Agreement can be consulted at the following address: https://www.engie.com/en/news/international-social-agreement.

[Page 150] This section describes in greater detail the Human Rights Vigilance Policy and the Just Transition Policy which apply across the different social information sections.

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

Various resources, including the Ethics Code of Conduct (available on the Group’s website in 15 languages), training courses and handbooks (guide on combating sexual harassment and sexist acts), have been deployed to raise employee awareness of human rights matters, duty of vigilance responsibilities and the Group’s Whistleblowing System.

More information on the human rights vigilance approach is available at: https://www.engie.com/en/group/ethics-and-compliance/ policies-and-procedures/human-rights-referential.

[MDR-P] The purpose of ENGIE’s Human Rights Vigilance Policy is to de ˱ne the Group’s human rights commitments and the means to ensure they are upheld. This policy is the foundation of the Group’s vigilance approach for human rights.

Group policies

It aims to identify, prevent and manage risks of human rights violations against all persons throughout the ENGIE value chain, particularly workers, communities, users and clients. It also seeks to ensure that human rights incidents are dealt with effectively.

[S1-1 21, S2-1 19, S3-1 17, S4-1 17] ENGIE’s policies are aligned with internationally recognized standards pertaining to own workforce, value chain workers, affected communities and consumers and end-users, especially the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

To ensure compliance with its human rights commitments, meet regulatory requirements and manage the Group’s human rights challenges, the Group relies ˱rst and foremost on its Human Rights Vigilance Policy – a cornerstone policy that covers all the potential negative impacts of its activities on people.

[MDR-P] Human Rights Vigilance Policy

Scope of application It applies to all companies controlled by ENGIE SA

The risk identi ˱cation and management requirements cover all the Group’s activities, as well as those of its business partners in the course of their activities for the Group

Accountable for implementation

The Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department, reporting to the ENGIE Group’s Legal & Ethics Department, itself under the oversight of the Corporate Secretary, is responsible for the implementation of this policy. It is implemented within the GBU and entities by the legal and ethics functional line and other relevant departments

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives

• International Bill of Human Rights, comprised of the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the 1966 International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the 1966 International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

• Fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization (ILO)

• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

• OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises

• ILO Tripartite Declaration of Principles concerning Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy

• United Nations Global Compact

How the policy is made available

• The policy is available on the ENGIE website (https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/ documents/2024-12/Human%20Rights%20Vigilance%20Policy%202024%20EN.pdf), and was updated in 2024

• A training course provided by the Ethics, Compliance and Privacy Department on the Group’s human rights approach and an e-learning module, both of which were updated in 2025, are also designed to bring this policy to the attention of all employees

[Page 151] Just Transition Policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A just transition therefore means managing restructuring in a responsible manner by creating a common set of guarantees for employees affected by a plant closure and helping them to improve their employability through skills development. It also means contributing to the economic and social vitality of host regions by creating projects and supplying affordable energy. Lastly, it helps make the regions more resilient and less vulnerable by preserving natural resources and local communities.

The Just Transition Policy is an integral part of the Group’s purpose. The notion of a “just transition” stems from the belief that a shift to a sustainable, lower-carbon economy can only take place if social concerns are taken into account. The transition should be conducted in a way that is fair to all stakeholders – own workforce, value chain workers, affected communities, consumers and end-users – and strive to minimize the negative effects, while maximizing the positive ones.

[MDR-P] Just Transition Policy

Scope of application All the Group’s activities, as well as the upstream chain. It covers consolidated ˱nancial reporting entities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s ESG Department

Accountable for implementation

2015 Paris Climate Agreement

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives

Guiding principles of the International Labour Organization (ILO)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

How the policy is made available

The Policy is available on ENGIE’s website at the following address: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/2025-02/ENGIE%20- %20Just%20Transition%20Policy.pdf

Preventing and managing adverse human rights impacts

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Prevention and management measures for addressing adverse human rights impacts on the company’s workforce, workers in the ENGIE value chain, communities potentially affected by the Group’s activities and consumers and endusers are described in detail in the sections concerning own workforce (Section 3.1.3.2), workers in the value chain (Section 3.1.3.3 and 3.1.3.4), affected communities (Section 3.1.3.5) and consumers and end-users (Section 3.1.3.6).

[S1-1 20c, S2-1 17c, S3-1 16c, S4-1 16c] The Human Rights Vigilance Policy includes vigilance processes at both the Group and operational levels to ensure that human rights risks are managed across the entire organization. Each GBU and entity ensures that the Group’s human rights commitments are upheld within its sphere of activity. Depending on the risks identi ˱ed, they are asked to:

Procedures for remedying negative impacts and Whistleblowing System

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• conduct an annual human rights risk assessment via the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process and implement action plans for any risks identi ˱ed;

• conduct a preliminary assessment of the human rights risks associated with new business activities (new project or business relationship);

[S1-3 32, S2-3 27, S3-3 27, S4-3 25] Under its Human Rights Vigilance Policy, the Group makes every effort to receive and handle reports on the potential negative impact of its activities on human rights, while making sure that the rights of the persons concerned are respected.

• ensure that their business partners comply with the Group’s commitments;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• raise awareness among employees, at least those most concerned, of human rights issues they may encounter in the performance of their duties;

• establish dialogue and grievance mechanisms for stakeholders potentially affected by their activities;

[S3-3 28, S1-3 33, S2-3 28, S4-3 26] ENGIE has put in place reporting channels for individuals to directly communicate their concerns or needs and request remediation. External stakeholders are informed about the existence of local and Group-level grievance mechanisms. Information on the Group’s Whistleblowing System, the Group’s managerial tool for reporting ethics incidents and the way the Group tracks and monitors issues raised and addressed and ensures the effectiveness of the channels is described in Section 3.1.4.1.5 Whistleblowing and reporting of ethics incidents.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• disseminate the existence of the Group’s Whistleblowing System and report any incident relating to human rights in accordance with internal processes.

The relevant details of the speci ˱c channels are described in the sections on own workforce (Section 3.1.3.2), workers in the value chain (Section 3.1.3.3 and 3.1.3.4), affected communities (Section 3.1.3.5), and consumers and end-users (Section 3.1.3.6).

Monitoring to con ˱rm the proper application of the Human Rights Vigilance Policy and the rollout of the required actions is built into the Group’s ethical compliance processes (see Section 3.2.1.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority human rights risks for more information). These mechanisms make it possible to ensure that the human rights vigilance approach is being effectively carried out and to de˱ne, if necessary, any additional control measures, such as internal or external audits.

[Page 152] 3.1.3.2 Own workforce [ESRS S1]

3.1.3.2.1 Introduction [ESRS S1 SBM-2, ESRS S1, SBM‑3, S1-1, S1-3, S1-4, S1-6]

Beyond economic performance, an organization’s success is measured by its employees’ engagement with regard to the Group’s projects and ambitions.

Its actions are aimed at attracting, developing, promoting and retaining the best talent. Integrating sustainability and transparency criteria requires constant adaptation of HR policies, including those related to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), training and development, career development, recruitment and talent retention.

ENGIE places the development of its human capital at the heart of its HR strategy.

Overview of ENGIE Group employees

At December 31, 2025, ENGIE employed 91,189 people in more than 30 countries, with a strong presence inEurope (79% of employees vs. 77% in 2024), particularly in France (48% vs. 47% in 2024) (see Section 3.1.3.2.2 Detailed presentation of ENGIE’s employees [S1-6] for more details).

EUROPE outside France 27,786

NORTH AMERICA 2,939

FRANCE 44,185 ASIA 6,927

AFRICA 398 SOUTH AMERICA 6,822

OCEANIA 2,132

ENGIE GROUP TOTAL worldwide 91,189

[SBM-3 14a] By Group employees, ENGIE means:

[SBM-3 13a, b] . These include:

• employees with permanent contracts;

• two negative impacts are directly related to the Group’s business model: deterioration of social dialogue and wage negotiations, and potential loss of jobs;

• employees with ˱xed-term (temporary) contracts, including apprentices;

• employees with non-guaranteed hours contracts.

• one positive impact on employee training, resulting from ENGIE’s strategic choices;

All these employees are subject to potential material impacts from Group activities. And all are systematically included in analyses to ensure that each worker enjoys a safe and equitable working environment.

• the risk of a mismatch between available resources/skills and open positions, which directly re ˳ects changes in the Group’s business model and the rapid evolution of work tools due to the introduction of new technologies.

Interests and views of Group employees

[SBM-2 12] The Group's employees are one of the eight stakeholder categories identi ˱ed by ENGIE. The Group tailors its dialogue based on their speci˱c needs (see Section 3.1.1.2.3 Interests and views of stakeholders [SBM-2]).

Every two years, the ENGIE&Me internal survey anonymously collects employees’ views on their relationship with the company and their perception of how their interests are considered in the Group’s strategy. The engagement of the Group’s employees has remained constant or improved since 2022, reaching a sustainable engagement rate of 87% in 2024. The next survey will take place in 2026, allowing time to roll out, at team and/or entity level, the action plans decided following the previous survey.

Material IROs and their interaction with ENGIE’s strategy and business model [SBM-3]

[SBM-3 14e] ENGIE supports the transformation towards more environmentally friendly operations, contributing to the global carbon neutrality objective. Against the backdrop of restructuring to support the energy transition of fossil fuel–related activities, the Group seeks to anticipate and mitigate potential social impacts on its employees. This transformation involves certain risks, including “potential job losses resulting from changes in ENGIE’s business model, evolving labor market dynamics, and the introduction of disruptive technologies such as generative AI”. It can also result in a “mismatch between available skills and new needs, leading to shortages of quali ˱ed personnel and the loss of key know-how in the event of departures or geographical mobility” (see Section 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities). Recognizing these challenges, ENGIE also sees this transformation as an opportunity to create jobs and strengthen the skills of its employees. By investing in training, the Group supports the employability and professional development of its teams.

The results of the double materiality assessment re ˳ect the important role of employees in the Group’s strategy. Four positive impacts, ˱ve negative impacts and six material risks were identi˱ed. They are listed in Section 3.1.1.4.2 of this Sustainability Statement.

[Page 153] Forced labor, compulsory labor and child labor

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 14f, g] ENGIE has not identi ˱ed any signi˱cant risk of forced labor, compulsory labor or child labor. While the Group operates in the AMEA (Asia, the Middle East and Africa) region, which is sometimes considered at risk, its operations there primarily require a highly skilled workforce, which signi˱cantly mitigates exposure to such risks.

Channels for own workers to raise concerns [S1-3]

[S1-3 32a, e, 33]

[SBM-3 14b] The Group regularly analyzes negative impacts that may affect employees, such as health & safety issues, pay inequalities and discrimination. Identifying and managing these impacts is a key aspect of the Group’s vigilance approach with respect to human rights, as described in the general chapter on human rights (see Section 3.1.3.1). Among the negative impacts identi ˱ed in the double materiality assessment, those relating to the deterioration of social dialogue and wage negotiations are temporary, as they only concern speci˱c events and time periods (e.g., external or internal reforms), while those relating to diversity, equity and inclusion, and talent and skills development remain largely present.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Only very workforce-speci ˱c information is detailed in this section. Details concerning the Group’s whistleblowing system, the managerial reporting system for ethics violations and the procedures for monitoring and following up issues raised are presented in Section 3.1.4.1.5. This section also describes protection measures against retaliation for individuals using these systems.

Each employee has several channels through which they can raise their concerns to the company, in particular:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 14d] Managing risks arising from impacts on its own workforce, such as legal disputes, talent loss and social tensions, is essential to the Group’s long-term viability. ENGIE’s ability to manage its dependence on a skilled, motivated and marketdriven workforce is critical to maintaining and strengthening its competitiveness. Similarly, ENGIE’s ability to engage in social dialogue, integration and skills development directly in ˳uences its resilience and ability to meet growing demand for sustainability and social responsibility.

• the Group’s ethics whistleblowing system via the Ethics & Compliance Of ˱cer or by email to ethics@engie.com;

• managerial relationships as well as the human resources, legal and health & safety functions, etc.;

[SBM-3 14c] At the same time, initiatives are implemented to promote positive impacts for all employees, notably through training programs, talent, pay and inclusion policies.

• professional emails allow employees to report situations or ask questions directly and in complete con ˱dentiality;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 14d] ENGIE leverages positive outcomes, such as improved working conditions, inclusion and talent development, to strengthen the competitiveness and sustainability of its business model.

• social dialogue with employee representatives, which provides a space for discussing collective or individual issues while ensuring mediation between employees and employers;

• specialized systems, such as “Allodiscrim” and “Allosexism” in France. These systems are dedicated to collecting and processing reports of discrimination or sexism in the workplace and ensuring appropriate follow-up.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 15] The Group also takes into account the greater exposure or vulnerability of certain employees or speci ˱c groups of employees to the risk of negative impacts due to their characteristics, work environment or functions. This applies to individuals from groups potentially exposed to discrimination or inequality. The Group is particularly vigilant when operating in countries or areas considered “high risk” in terms of human rights, such as con˳ict zones.

[SBM-3 16] Based on the results of the double materiality assessment, no impact or risk applies only to a speci ˱c group of more vulnerable employees.

Communication about the Group’s whistleblowing system through various channels, such as the Ethics Code of Conduct, the intranet, the website and posters, ensures its visibility among all employees. ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct, available in 15 languages on the Group’s website, includes a section on the system. It concerns all the Group’s stakeholders, whether they are victims or witnesses of an incident.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 154] 3.1.3.2.2 Detailed presentation of ENGIE’s employees [S1-6]

Geographical distribution of the Group’s employees

[S1-6 50a, AR 55] Operating in more than 30 countries, ENGIE had 91,189 employees at the end of December 2025 ☐☐(1) , France being the only country representing more than 10% of the total workforce.

[S1-6 50f] The corresponding personnel costs amounted to €8,648 million in 2025 (vs. €8,623 million in 2024) (see Note 8.2 Personnel costs in Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

Number of employees (headcount) % of the Group’s total workforce

Country

2024 2025 2024 2025

France 46,509 44,185 47% 48%

Belgium 8,078 7,954 8% 9%

Germany 5,887 5,573 6% 6%

Romania 4,546 4,638 5% 5%

United States 3,228 2,875 3% 3%

Italy 3,162 2,826 3% 3%

Brazil 2,809 3,165 3% 3%

U.A.E. 1,702 1,912 2% 2%

Singapore 2,019 1,787 2% 2%

Spain 1,694 1,740 2% 2%

Other 18,333 14,534 19% 16%

Group workforce by gender

[S1-6 50a, AR 55] At December 31, 2025, the Group had 66,308 male employees, representing 73% of the Group’s total workforce, and 24,833 female employees ☐☐(1) , representing 27% of the total workforce.

Number of employees (headcount)

Gender

2024 2025

Male 71,709 66,308

Female 26,220 24,833

Other 4 8

Unspeci ˱ed 34 39

TOTAL EMPLOYEES 97,967 91,189

(1) ☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7).

[Page 155] Group workforce by type of contract

[S1-6 50b, 51, 52, AR 55] At December 31, 2025, 93% (vs. 92% in 2024) of the Group’s salaried workforce, or 84,786 employees, were on permanent contracts (“permanent employees”) ☐☐(1) . 7% (vs. 8% in 2024) of the Group's salaried workforce were on ˱xedterm contracts (“temporary employees” including apprentices) ☐☐(1) , i.e., 6,358 employees. The remaining 45 employees are under contract with a non-guaranteed number of hours.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total number of employees (headcount) Total number of permanent employees Total number of temporary employees Total number of nonguaranteed hours employees

2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025

Women 26,220 24,833 24,006 23,133 2,205 1,697 9 3

Men 71,709 66,308 66,075 61,607 5,596 4,659 38 42

Other 4 8 4 8

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Unspeci ˱ed 34 39 29 38 5 1

TOTAL 97,967 91,189 90,114 84,786 7,806 6,358 47 45

Total number of employees (headcount) Total number of permanent employees Total number of temporary employees Total number of nonguaranteed hours employees

2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

France 46,509 44,185 42,535 40,825 3,972 3,359 2 1

Europe (excl. France) 28,986 27,786 27,544 26,448 1,408 1,295 34 43

Latin America 6,372 6,822 6,211 6,690 159 132 2

United States & Canada 3,292 2,939 3,276 2,923 14 16 2

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Middle East, Asia & Africa 12,808 9,457 10,548 7,900 2,253 1,556 7 1

TOTAL 97,967 91,189 90,114 84,786 7,806 6,358 47 45

Group workforce by socio-professional category

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At the end of December 2025, the workforce comprised 31,589 managers (vs. 32,942 in 2024) ☐☐(1) representing 34.6% of the total workforce, 34,360 senior technicians and supervisors (vs. 38,050 in 2024) ☐☐ (1) representing 37.7%, and 25,241 (vs. 26,975 in 2024) workers, employees and technicians ☐☐ (1) representing 27.7%.

Group workforce turnover rate

[S1-6 50c] In 2025, 8,567 employees left the Group. The turnover rate at the end of 2025 was 9.1% (8.35% in 2024). The denominator used to calculate this metric is average monthly personnel .

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

12 Deaths

14 Deaths

445 End of trial period

578 End of trial period

1,000 Mutually agreed termination

938 Mutually agreed termination

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1,437 Dismissals

1,011 Dismissals

TOTAL 2025 8,567 4,615 Resignations

TOTAL 2024 8,125 4,417 Resignations

1,058 Retirement and early retirement

1,167 Retirement and early retirement

[S1-6 50d] The data in these reports are consolidated under headcount.

[S1-6 50e, f] De ˱nition of the reporting scope

The scope of social data aligns with the Group’s ˱nancial consolidation scope by incorporating capital control and signi˱cant in˳uence criteria exercised by ENGIE over its subsidiaries.

(1) ☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7).

[Page 156] Methodology for the reporting of quantitative data

and attenuating material negative impacts on company staff. ENGIE’s approach to social dialogue, based on good faith, transparency and anticipation of stakeholders’ needs, helps to prevent and mitigate negative impacts on employees and risks of non-compliance.

Processes [S1-2]

A standardized methodology guarantees the consistency of consolidated social data, their comparability between entities and their relevance on an international scale. De ˱nitions, sources and scopes are harmonized in a common Group reference system through an operational manual shared with all entities.

Social dialogue at different levels of the Group

Collection tool

[S1-2 27a, b, c] In recent years, the Group has developed a robust culture of social dialogue at all levels of the organization. The social dialogue bodies regularly present the strategic orientations of the Group, the GBU and/or the entity to trigger the exchanges necessary for their adoption. Transformation and/or restructuring projects are also presented before a ˱nal decision is made and the project goes ahead, in accordance with local legislation.

For local entities and subsidiaries controlled by the Group, with the exception of a few companies, social data on employee ˳ows and training are collected daily from a centralized global HR information system. These consolidated data are reported quarterly in the Group social reporting via a dedicated consolidation tool. It centralizes data on ˱xed and variable pay, contractual hours and part of the bene˱ts in kind of employees of the Group. However, it cannot be used to create a single database containing individual pay data for each employee.

• at local level: within the entities, on a frequent and multi-year basis, with trade unions and/or employee representatives and local management representatives, at the most relevant level (company, business unit, region, site, etc.);

Information on working conditions and contingent workers is reported directly by the entities on a quarterly basis via the same social data consolidation tool.

• at country level: one to two meetings are held each year between the country manager and the country employee representatives; in France, these meetings take place within the framework of the French Group Works Council, a joint body at Group level;

For the regulated entities (GRDF, NaTran and CNR), due to regulatory requirements that limit the pooling of their information systems with the rest of the Group, the entirety of their social data is entered via the consolidation tool on a quarterly basis.

Quantitative data collection process

The governance of social metrics is based on a clear, hierarchical organization:

• at European level : the European Works Council (EWC) is endowed with prerogatives aligned with European regulations, although they have not yet been transposed into French law. The EWC has supra-legal resources and is speci ˱cally consulted in a multi-year cycle in particular on the Group’s orientations (see targets and metrics in this section);

• local level: each subsidiary is responsible for collecting social data in accordance with the guidelines and tools provided by the Group;

• at global level: a forum for dialogue, the Global Forum, chaired by the Group’s Chief Executive Of ˱cer, meets annually in the presence of international federations and their designated members.

• regional level: data are reviewed and validated by regional coordinators from each relevant part of the world to ensure their quality and compliance with standards;

• Group level: data are centralized and the metrics analyzed at Group level, before being submitted to the Group’s departments and committees.

As part of the Group’s transformation, regular and extraordinary meetings are scheduled to allow employee representatives to issue informed recommendations and opinions as necessary. Thematic working groups (e.g., social issues, health & safety) are also organized among members.

Global Agreement

3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue [S1–1, S1-2, S1-4, S1-5, S1-8, S1-10, S1-11, S1-15]

Social dialogue [S1-2, S1-4, S1-5, S1-8]

In its various forms (informal exchanges, discussions, negotiations, consultations, etc.), social dialogue between the Group and its employees, either directly or through their representatives, is both a driver of economic performance and an essential element of ENGIE’s strategy.

[S1-2 27d] The Group, international federations and French trade unions negotiated and signed an agreement in January 2022 on ENGIE’s fundamental rights and social responsibility. This agreement (“Global Agreement”) incorporates the expectations of the workforce as expressed by employee representatives and applies to the Group’s workforce worldwide, regardless of the type of employment contract.

Such dialogue makes it possible to gather the views of employees and integrate them into the Group’s developments in order to improve working conditions for the entire workforce. Explaining, clarifying and discussing the Group’s policies, transformations and restructuring projects and their impacts on employees are essential steps in their implementation.

The Global Agreement contains commitments on ethics and duty of vigilance, anti-harassment, safety, workplace well-being, diversity and inclusion, skills development and training, and more. It enables the application of high standards in terms of labor relations and workers’ rights through regular, open and constructive social dialogue at all levels. The Global Forum mentioned above is a social dialogue forum responsible for monitoring and implementing commitments de ˱ned under this agreement.

Whether it takes place within the institutional framework of mandatory negotiations (including on wages, working hours or restructuring) or spontaneously and constructively, social dialogue is an essential means of preventing tensions and con ˳icts and in that way contributes directly to preventing

In 2026, negotiations are underway to at least extend this.

[Page 157] Evaluation of the effectiveness of social dialogue

[S1-2 27e] ENGIE evaluates the effectiveness of its social dialogue through:

Among these con ˳icts, those that are directly linked to the policies and decisions of the Group or Group entities are particularly revealing of the effectiveness of internal social dialogue.

[S1-2 28] At the same time, ENGIE now collects the views of its employees every two years via the ENGIE&Me survey.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The latest results (end of 2024), with a participation rate of 82%, show:

• the quality of exchanges within the various local, national, European and global bodies or committees, as well as in day-to-day social dialogue: informal warnings to prevent a situation from escalating, sharing of ˱les before they are formally submitted to decision-making bodies, regular meetings with representative trade unions to discuss results, future projects, employee complaints or speci˱c situations to be examined;

• a high level of employee support for the Group’s developments, in particular its decarbonization strategy (88% positive responses);

• the number of agreements signed at different levels of the Group depending on the scope of the proposed agreement;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a high level for several metrics relating to working conditions, with 85% of employees prepared to recommend ENGIE as an employer.

• the number of labor disputes (and their duration, number of strikers, number of hours/days lost) and their impact on the Group’s industrial facilities, customers and stakeholders.

In 2025, the various local teams prepared and implemented action plans based on the survey results.

Actions [S1-4]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C)]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

All Group employees 2026

• Revise the Global Agreement • De ˱nition of a new coherence framework to improve employee working conditions

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Mapping agreements in each country • Clear view of negotiations by country All Group employees 2026

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-A 68d, 69a, b, c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) depending on the type of activities in order to implement the above action plans. However, due to the nature of the expenditure involved, these action plans are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

Social dialogue as a tool to support strategy/restructuring

[S1-4 39, 43] In Europe, the Group’s European Labour Relations Agreement and the EWC (European Works Council) operating agreement provide for a social diagnosis process involving the consultative bodies prior to the of ˱cial launch of any proposed restructuring operations with an impact on employment. This process includes a phase of dialogue with the trade unions or the EWC secretariat to present the project, its impact and its timetable in the form of possibilities, thus making it possible to:

ENGIE pays particular attention to the transformation of jobs in the context of the energy transition and to support measures for the employees affected.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• compare the impact analyses carried out by the Group and the social partners, in particular with regard to psychosocial risks and change management, in order to adapt the support system planned in relation to these issues;

[S1-4 38a] In 2025, the Group’s actions in this area enabled it to carry out restructuring operations in a constructive and responsible manner, where necessary with the conclusion of collective agreements to de ˱ne restructuring support measures, particularly in the case of projects with impacts on employment, in addition to the measures established by the European Labour Relations Agreement of 2016:

• understand the expectations of the social partners with regard to the project and, where appropriate, adapt the content, implementation schedule, information and consultation process, and documentation to be provided to the relevant representative bodies;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• provide information on the project’s scope and any relevant initial commitments regarding employment and social measures or guarantees as early as possible in order to minimize potential employee concerns.

• in France, an agreement on Jobs and Career Path Management within ENGIE was signed on July 9, 2025. It covers approximately 85% of employees based in France. An amendment to this agreement, which concerns the development of skills and employee employability throughout their careers, is currently under negotiation and will be submitted to representative trade unions for signature in March 2026. Through this agreement, ENGIE signals its commitment to anticipating the transformation of its professions, identifying the necessary skills and providing employees with the visibility to be active participants in their career development;

[S1-4 38b, AR 43] This social diagnosis may, for example, lead to the integration of a support system (training, adaptation of activities, etc.) and/or to the implementation of social measures in the case of organizational and job changes. Such measures may include mobility bonuses, compensation for pay gaps, coverage of relocation expenses, job search assistance for spouses, etc.

• at European level, the material conditions for supporting job cuts or business transfers/disposals are the subject of discussions and consultations with employee representatives and/or trade unions to determine a socially responsible level of support measures.

[S1-4 41] In addition, projects of this nature routinely include a psychosocial risk prevention and change management program. A special system is in place for people managers (communication kits, Q&A, etc.) to help them answer employees’ questions.

[Page 158] Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue

[S1-4 38d] All these measures are monitored in social dialogue bodies, including with the support of accredited experts and/or within the framework of ad hoc monitoring committees.

[S1-8 60a] The Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and Social Responsibility applies to all Group employees without exception (as in 2024).

Transparency and anticipation

[S1-8 60b] The European Labour Relations Agreement applies to all Group employees based in Europe (as in 2024).

[S1-4 40a] ENGIE promotes social dialogue in full compliance with local labor law and regulations and with its own commitments. This is re ˳ected in:

[S1-8 60c] The Group is implementing a process to determine the percentage of employees covered by collective agreements by region (excluding the European Economic Area).

• participation in mandatory institutional exchanges, particularly for wage negotiations;

• commitment to submit projects likely to cause impacts on personnel to the relevant authorities in a timely, transparent and proactive manner;

Local agreements generally establish monitoring committees composed of employee and management representatives that meet at de ˱ned intervals throughout the life of the agreement. They analyze the actual implementation of the provisions of the agreements and de˱ne action plans in the event of failure or risk of failure to achieve the objectives.

• provision to the social partners of the resources and prerogatives they need to ful ˱ll their role, including funding from external resources;

• constant vigilance over the proper application of agreements reached with employee representatives, at least through agreement monitoring committees (meetings generally held annually).

Targets and metrics [S1-5, S1-8]

[S1-8 63a] The European Works Council, which comprises at least one employee representative for each European country in which the Group operates, is responsible for 100% of the Group’s entities and employees in Europe. In addition to the institutional social dialogue provided for in each company, in application of legal or negotiated standards, ENGIE has set up a social dialogue body for each country, which meets once or twice a year on the initiative of the Country Manager.

Targets related to social dialogue bodies

[S1-8 63b] The operating agreement of the ENGIE European Works Council, revised in July 2023, already incorporates the provisions of the draft European directive on consultation and associated resources: working groups, country discovery missions, delegation time necessary to carry out the related work, etc.

[S1-5 44] To avoid negative impacts on employees and any risk of non-compliance, effectiveness is assessed based on the quality of discussions, the frequency and the number of meetings between employees and/or their representatives and the Group, which are associated with the social dialogue bodies operating at the different levels of the Group (as described in the “Processes [S1-2]” subsection of this Section).

Respect for employee rights: social protection, employee savings and employee share ownership [S1-1, S1-4, S1-5, S1‑10, S1-11, S1-15]

[S1-5 47a, b, c] At European level, in accordance with the EWC operating agreement, EWC members receive regular information on the life of the Group and its economic, ˱nancial and social strategies.

Presentations are made once a year at ordinary plenary sessions on the following topics:

ENGIE is committed to providing quality working conditions for all its employees. It has also adopted a compensation policy that it seeks to be attractive and competitive, supplemented by social protection programs for its entire workforce worldwide.

• the Group’s strategy (trajectory and outlook);

Policies [S1-1]

• the Group’s structure and development;

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

• the Group’s economic and ˱nancial position and prospects (including investments), with the presentation of the consolidated ˱nancial statements and the statutory auditor’s report;

[S1-1 20a] Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights describes ENGIE’s overall approach to respect for human rights, as well as the Group’s Human Rights Vigilance Policy.

• the Group’s social policy and the outlook (professional equality, training, mobility, etc.) based on information from the Group Social Reporting system;

• business development and its impact on employment within the Group;

• the Research & Innovation Policy;

As part of its ethical commitments and its Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and Social Responsibility, ENGIE and its subsidiaries undertake to respect internationally recognized standards regarding human rights, trade union rights and labor rights in all their activities. The Global Agreement is described in the “Processes [S1-2]” subsection of the Social Dialogue section.

• the ESG Policy (including climate pathway and energy transition);

• the annual report on the Group’s Vigilance Plan.

[S1-1 20c] Potential impacts on the human rights of employees are managed chie ˳y through a human rights vigilance process, as described in Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights.

In addition, the Group’s Chief Executive Of ˱cer presents Group news and a review of the health & safety situation at each ordinary meeting. This topic is also speci˱cally addressed at the biannual EWC working group meetings.

[S1-1 21] The Group’s policies, in particular the Human Rights Vigilance Policy, are based on international standards for the protection of human rights that the Group has committed to respect as a minimum, regardless of local legislation, as described in Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights.

[Page 159] [S1-1 22] The Human Rights Vigilance Policy explicitly addresses all forms of slavery, human traf ˱cking, forced or compulsory labor and child labor.

• competitive in relation to benchmarks, in terms of both compensation and bene ˱ts: these criteria are based on external information provided by specialized ˱rms (such as Willis Towers Watson, Mercer and Korn Ferry);

One ENGIE Compensation Policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-1 17] The One ENGIE Compensation Policy includes ˱xed and variable components, a social protection system and pension plans.

• performance-based: the variable portion includes a strong and direct link with individual and collective performance so that employees are rewarded for their contribution to the Group’s results.

The compensation policy for senior executives at Group level is harmonized, as that of managers has been since 2023, while respecting local speci˱cities.

The One ENGIE Compensation Policy thus ensures that the motivation and engagement of the Group’s employees are promoted with a long-term perspective.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-P 65a] This policy, known as the One ENGIE Compensation Policy, is managed by the Group Human Resources Department. Its aim is to offer all Group employees pay that is:

• fair, based on clear and documented rules and processes, and objective and measurable criteria so that employees can understand how it works. It ensures that pay gaps linked to discriminatory factors are avoided and that applicable social minimums are respected;

[S1-1 20b] The One ENGIE Compensation Policy performance metrics are aligned with the Group’s priorities. For the collective component, they re ˳ect the priorities de˱ned by the Board of Directors for the year. The collective component is designed to foster employees’ engagement and commitment to the success of their company, with performance criteria measured according to ˱nancial/operational and non-˱nancial criteria de˱ned in the company’s strategic plan and annual medium-term plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-P] One ENGIE Compensation Policy

Scope of application All Group employees

Group Human Resources Department

Accountable for implementation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

How the policy is made available

The One ENGIE Compensation Policy for base salary and variable remuneration is available to all employees on the Group’s intranet site

Actions [S1-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected results Scope of application Time horizon

• Increased employee share ownership, sense of belonging to the Group All Group employees 2026

• Promote employee share ownership through the LINK plan

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Implement the ENGIE Care Program

• 100% of employees covered by uniform social standards, integration of the ˱fth pillar of well-being and mental health All Group employees 2027

With the same objective of risk prevention, the Group applies strict rules to other pay mechanisms, particularly in the event of an employee leaving the company:

• savings plans: former employees can keep their savings in their account but must bear the direct management costs;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• long-term incentive plans: unvested awards are forfeited;

[MDR-A 68d, 69a, b, c] The Group adapts the allocation and level of its resources (in particular OPEX) according to the nature of its activities in order to implement the above action plans. With the exception of the actions related to the mapping of pension plans, which generate OPEX that are not considered to have a material ˱nancial impact, the resources allocated in 2025 related to the pro˱t-sharing and incentive agreement and employee share ownership via the LINK plan are detailed in Section 3.1.3.2.3.

Financial risk management mechanisms

• incentive and pro ˱t-sharing plans: only employees employed during the ˱nancial year concerned may bene˱t from these plans, on a pro rata basis according to their period of employment and level of remuneration. As a result, there is no risk of an uncontrolled increase in costs, particularly since the calculation formulas are subject to caps;

[S1-4 38a, b] Pensions are among the most exposed to ˱nancial risks of the bene˱t plans recognized in the Group’s social liabilities. The Group has therefore put in place a process to closely monitor these costs and the associated ˱nancial risks: detailed mapping of the existing pension plans in the subsidiaries was prepared, together with a joint analysis by the Group’s Finance and Human Resources Departments.

[Page 160] Social protection

• retirement: the Group uses a unique digital tool to map, benchmark and evaluate its social protection and pension plans, facilitating the pooling and as such the optimization of these programs. The entities also have access to international insurance networks which provide optimized subscription options, with the potential to share local and global surpluses;

• social protection: if a departing employee is entitled to unemployment insurance bene ˱ts, the cost of the transfer of social security and health guarantees is borne by the active employees’ insurance. The price is calculated accordingly by the insurance company, meaning that the risk is completely under control. Retired employees are no longer eligible for coverage once they retire. While they can request to maintain their health care plan, they are responsible for the full cost. There is therefore no associated ˱nancial risk for ENGIE.

Pay arrangements

• Group employee savings plans: ENGIE mainly uses dedicated funds with strong involvement in the joint governance of the supervisory boards of the various funds;

• ENGIE Care program: in 2020, ENGIE launched its ENGIE Care program, establishing a minimum level of social protection for all employees, regardless of their status, employer or the country to which they belong. It was integrated into the Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and Social Responsibility in 2022.

Implemented progressively, ENGIE Care makes it possible to raise the level of social protection for its employees and contributes to their retention.

All Group personnel are eligible for:

• savings plans: in France, the Group’s employees have had access to a single Group Savings Plan (Plan d’Épargne Groupe – PEG) since the end of 2009. At the end of 2025, the plan had assets of more than €2.29 billion (compared to €1.77 billion in 2024). Provisions have also been introduced in certain countries outside of France, allowing salaried employees to save under terms adapted to local laws;

• health coverage guaranteeing reimbursement of at least 75% of costs in the event of hospitalization;

• protection for the employee’s family or dependents in the event of death, through the payment of a lump‑sum bene ˱t equivalent to a minimum of 12 months’ salary;

• payment of a capital amount equivalent to at least 12 months’ salary, in the event of total and permanent disability to work;

• retirement savings plans: since 2010, all employees in France have been able to build funds for retirement at their own pace through contributions to the Collective Retirement Savings Plan (Plan d’Épargne pour la Retraite Collectif – PERCOL). Since 2024, it has been possible to invest any value-sharing bonuses in it. Outside France, plans exist in some countries that allow employees to add to their pensions by making voluntary contributions on favorable terms;

• full wage paid for a minimum of 14 weeks in the event of maternity leave and a minimum of four weeks for paternity leave.

A ˱fth pillar, built in 2025, relating to systems promoting well-being, will be deployed progressively from 2026. It aims to:

• promote the physical health of ENGIE employees through a digital questionnaire on health topics, followed by a personalized report to raise participants’ awareness of their health status;

• pro ˱t-sharing and incentive plans: due to the coexistence of separate legal companies, collective variable compensation systems are developed in the subsidiaries. In 2025, the overall volume of employee pro ˱t-sharing, incentive plans and employer contributions (in the event of allocation to both the PEG and the PERCOL) of the different French subsidiaries was more than €180 million (similar to 2024);

• strengthen support for the mental health of employees and their families by offering access to well-being resources and individual psychological support sessions through a dedicated digital platform.

[S1-4 38d] ENGIE has set up monitoring bodies to ensure the effectiveness of these systems and their positive impact on employees:

• the joint committees set up within the Group PERCOL and PERO (Plan d’Épargne Retraite Obligatoire – mandatory company retirement savings plan) ensure that returns are high and sustainable;

• employee share ownership: in 2025, 4% of the Group’s shares were held by employees (as in 2024). Details of the shares they hold, directly or indirectly, are provided in Section 5.4.2.2 Breakdown of shares held directly and indirectly by employees. In 2025, to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the ENGIE brand – 10 years of commitment to energy transition fueled by 150 years of history – the Group implemented an exceptional LINK plan. 42% of eligible employees across the Group subscribed, an increase compared with the 2024 edition (+35%). ENGIE’s contribution under the LINK program was €32.5 million (compared to €13.8 million in 2024);

• monitoring of compliance with the ENGIE Care framework is addressed annually as part of the Global Forum, in order to assess its consistency and the ways in which the program is implemented in practice and at local level for all employees;

• performance shares and long-term incentives: ENGIE grants performance shares, as described in Section 4.2.6 Award of Performance Shares. These shares, which have a vesting period of three years, are subject to internal and external performance conditions. The plan is not limited to senior executives, and nearly 5,200 employees worldwide have bene ˱ted from it (similar to 2024). The 2025 plan includes performance conditions aligned with ENGIE’s strategy and ambitions, especially regarding ESG performance (30% of the total performance conditions);

• for the French entities’ pension and health insurance plans, all insurance contracts are reinsured by the Group’s reinsurer so that the results are pooled at Group level. Together with the Group Bene ˱ts Department, the reinsurance broker ensures that the income statements of the plans are reported in a true and fair manner, and that the annual price reviews are carried out under the best possible conditions, so that employees and companies pay the right price for their cover;

[Page 161] Policies [S1-1]

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Policy

• the Group participates in the management of the electricity and gas industry pension plan alongside other employers in the sector and in retirement plans in Belgium. In other countries, its participation depends on the plan governance arrangements in place;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the ENGIE&Me survey also makes it possible to monitor employees’ perceptions of their remuneration and well-being.

[S1-1 19] At the end of 2022, ENGIE initiated a global diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) policy called Be.U@ENGIE, which is updated annually. Its implementation has involved listening more closely to stakeholders, systematically integrating diversity matters into Group processes, providing targeted and cross-functional training, coordinating a network of committed ambassadors and monitoring metrics via dedicated tools.

[MDR-P 65a] This policy has two objectives:

[S1-4 39, 40a, 41] The monitoring committees, the results of the ENGIE&Me survey and the work carried out jointly with insurers and brokers enable the Group to monitor and, where necessary, adjust its action plans in the event of a negative impact for employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Metrics and targets [S1-5, S1-10, S1-11, S1-15]

• increase the representation of all pro ˱les to better represent the populations of the countries in which the Group operates; and

Adequate wages

[S1-10 69] ENGIE employees receive an adequate wage in countries with benchmarks.

• enable all employees to feel free to be themselves in a safe environment, thanks to a zero-tolerance policy toward all forms of discrimination or harassment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE leverages this human diversity to stimulate innovation and improve performance, aligning its practices with the evolving expectations of customers and communities.

ENGIE refers to legal minimum wage data or local minimum wages established by collective agreements. For four of the Group’s countries – Switzerland, Saudi Arabia (non-nationals), United Arab Emirates and Singapore, which represent 4.4% of Group employees – no such references exist.

The DEI policy is based on ˱ve pillars associated with the general objectives mentioned above:

• gender equality: our ambition is to achieve gender balance within the company by increasing the number of women in the Group, as well as by supporting women’s careers and encouraging women to join technical professions, where skills are currently in short supply;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• origins: develop diversity within ENGIE and value the richness of each person’s origins – culture, ethnicity, nationality, religion, social origins and training background;

[ESRS 2 – 81] ENGIE has not set any targets at this stage. The Group complies with minimum social standards on pay in all countries where it operates and ensures that it offers competitive pay to all its salaried employees, in particular through compensation surveys. In addition, the Group will continue to re ˳ect on the issue of the adequate wage in line with best practices and the improvement initiatives to be implemented, where applicable. This approach will complement the objectives of ENGIE Care already implemented for all Group employees and their families.

Social protection

• LGBTQ+: develop the inclusion of LGBTQ+ people (lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans and new identities) so that they feel valued and respected;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• abilities: adapt working arrangements and conditions to welcome and include persons with any type of disability;

[S1-5 46] [S1-11 and S1-15 93a] At the Global Forum on October 15, 2025, the Group Human Resources Department reiterated its commitment and its objectives with regard to ENGIE Care, which are part of a long-term vision (see previous paragraph on ENGIE Care).

Bene ˱ts granted to former employees

• generations: leverage the talent and energy of all generations by fostering the employability of younger and senior employees and encouraging intergenerational knowledge and skill sharing.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group measures and recognizes its pension and other employee bene ˱t obligations in accordance with the laws and practices of each country, in terms of pensions, early retirement, severance pay and healthcare plans (see Note 18 in Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements). In addition, the Group analyzes the pension plans granted to its former employees in order to estimate more precisely the risk of a signi˱cant increase in the costs associated with these bene˱ts, with a view to de˱ning, where appropriate, targets and/or metrics for measuring this risk.

[S1-1 24c] ENGIE encourages the inclusion of people from groups potentially exposed to discrimination or inequalities, and supports employee resource groups (ERGs). These groups bring employees together based on criteria such as origin, gender, age or sexual orientation, or common causes such as menopause or men’s health. They contribute to creating a supportive work environment, conducive to expression and a sense of belonging. To date, approximately 20 such groups exist worldwide.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.3.2.4 Equity, diversity and inclusion [S1‑1, S1‑2, S1-4, S1-5, S1-9, S1-16, S1-17]

[S1-1 24d] The prevention and combating of harassment and all forms of discrimination are applied both within the Group and for the employees of suppliers and subcontractors (see Section 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain). Since 2021, the Group has issued informational guides that reaf ˱rm its principle of “zero tolerance” in this area throughout the world:

• a guide against all forms of discrimination against LGBTQ+ people in 2021;

• a guide on combating sexual harassment and sexist behavior in 2022;

ENGIE is committed to promoting diversity and inclusion in order to create a working environment where everyone is respected and valued, regardless of their uniqueness, skills or background. The Group implements policies and actions to promote an inclusive working environment and reduce discrimination risks. Policies and actions related to gender equality are designed to improve results and mitigate the Group’s risk of non-compliance with laws and regulations related to equity and the potential consequences of noncompliance.

[Page 162] • a guide for understanding and supporting different gender identities in 2023;

[S1-1 24a, b] The Group’s Human Rights Vigilance Policy bans all forms of discrimination and harassment. It is presented in the “Group policies” section of Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights.

• a guide for preventing and combating racism in 2025. In 2025, the Group also published a commitment in favor of racial equality and inclusion;

• new training to prevent the risk of domestic violence in November 2025.

In 2017, ENGIE signed an open-ended European agreement on gender equality, the ˱ght against discrimination and violence, and the prevention of sexual harassment. In 2019, the Group also implemented a plan to prevent and combat sexual harassment and sexism.

[MDR-P] Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy

Scope of application All Group employees

Accountable for implementation

Group Human Resources Department. Each pillar has a sponsor, a member of the ENGIE Executive Committee. The sponsor acts as an ambassador and promotes the policy through practical actions

The DEI Policy is accessible to all employees via the Group’s intranet

How the policy is made available

Processes [S1-2]

Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts [S1-2]

consideration of diversity, equity and inclusion matters within companies. As part of the EDGE certi˱cation process, additional surveys and/or polls are occasionally conducted by the Group’s countries. This process is designed to gather employees’ views on the effectiveness of existing policies and programs, and aims to prevent, mitigate and/or correct any forms of discrimination that could have a negative impact on employees or expose the Group to legal risk.

[S1-2 28] The ENGIE&Me survey (see Section 3.1.3.2.4 Equity, diversity and inclusion [S1‑1, S1‑2, S1-4, S1-5, S1-9, S1-16, S1-17]) includes 25 questions on diversity, professional equality and inclusion, taken from the questionnaire developed by EDGE, an external certi ˱cation body for the

Actions [S1-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

• Monitor the implementation of the DEI Policy published in 2025

• Awareness-raising of Group employees on DEI topics All Group employees 2027

• Training and recruitment initiatives

[MDR-A 68d, 69a, b, c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) depending on the type of activities in order to implement the above action plans. However, due to the nature of the expenditure involved, these action plans are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

Training and awareness-raising

The “License to Hire” program, implemented globally, trains managers and HR recruiters on inclusive and non‑discriminatory recruitment. It makes them aware of potential biases and emphasizes the importance of neutrality and inclusiveness in job offers. It mitigates the Group’s legal exposure in the event of non-compliance with laws and regulations.

[S1-4 38a, 40] Diversity and inclusion awareness training and workshops are organized regularly, including:

• Awareness-raising campaigns

• Diversity Fresk

Actions include conferences, guides and the sharing of best practices.

Rollout of prevention tools

A collective intelligence tool developed by ESSEC Business School, it provides a means of understanding the cognitive mechanisms at work in discrimination and ˱nding approaches to reduce them. From 2023 to 2025, more than 4,000 employees participated in Diversity Fresk workshops and 240 were trained to lead them worldwide.

• E-Learning

[S1-4 38b, 43] The Group develops and shares guides, in French and English at the least, on topics such as LGBTQ+ issues, gender identity, religious diversity, sexism and harassment, domestic violence and racism prevention to instill a culture of vigilance among teams. They are available on the intranet (HR HUB).

To make it easier to speak out and report such incidents, the Group supports employee resource groups (ERGs).

In 2025, ENGIE University created training courses for employees and managers based on new e-learning modules to raise awareness on each of the priority pillars of the DEI policy, including domestic violence.

[Page 163] • regular audits (EDGE, Diversity Label in France, etc.);

To support employees in the event of an incident, ENGIE provides its employees and third parties with a Whistleblowing System described in Section 3.1.4.1.5.

• barometers and international or national awards such as the Financial Times “Europe’s Diversity Leaders” or Forbes “World’s Best Employer” rankings.

Communication with employees

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 38c] Communication materials are available on the Group’s Intranet site and speci ˱cally on the HR Hub.

Tracking and measuring progress

[S1-4 39] ENGIE identi ˱es the actions required in response to a negative impact through a structured consultation and assessment process, which includes the follow-up audits mentioned above.

Maturity assessment

[S1-4 38d] ENGIE tracks and assesses the effectiveness of its actions and initiatives through:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 40a] The ENGIE&Me engagement survey, the inclusion metric, a tool dedicated to analyzing the gender pay gap and the gender and pay equity index (see “Gender equality”) complete this maturity assessment. EDGE-certi ˱ed entities also have access to monitoring metrics that allow them to manage their actions.

• global and local metrics: in 2025, ENGIE created an inclusion metric based on 21 existing questions in the ENGIE&Me engagement survey, which will serve to measure changes in employee perceptions over time. This metric is based on seven pillars: fair treatment, integration of differences, decision-making, psychological safety, trust, sense of belonging and diversity. The score for this metric was 75 in 2022, then 78 in 2023 and 2024;

Metrics and targets [S1-5, S1-9, S1-17]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The targets presented below re ˳ect the Group’s diversity, equality and inclusion objectives, as well as the legal constraints related to the identi˱cation of certain populations, in particular those exposed to various risks. The Group has therefore not set targets or metrics related to the origin, gender identity or sexual orientation of its employees.

Targets for the employment of women and young people

Nature and description of target 2024 2025 2030 target

Percentage of management positions held by women ☐☐ 32% 33.1% 40-60%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Proportion of apprentices among temporary and permanent employees, excluding the regulated entities GRDF and NaTran in France. 8.3% 7.3% 10%

☐☐ Veri ˶ed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance for 2025 (see Section 3.1.7).

Diversity metrics

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-9 66a] Top Management comprises 310 employees (vs. 294 in 2024), of whom 94 are women and 216 are men (92 and 202 in 2024, respectively).

[S1-5 47a, b, c] Targets for the recruitment of female managers are set by the Group’s Human Resources Department and validated by the Executive Committee, and appear in the Top Management score cards. They are broken down by Business Unit and by region. Dashboards are provided to interested parties to track the metrics within their scope, and overall reports are presented quarterly and at the end of the year.

[S1-9 AR 71] Top Management refers to the highest level of decision-making and responsibility in the company. At ENGIE, all positions are evaluated according to the level and scope of responsibility, in accordance with the Korn Ferry Hay methodology.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 91,189

66,308

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 30-50 50,571

36,389

TOTAL >50 26,660

24,834

20,200

TOTAL <30 13,958

14,152

9,719

6,451

47

9 4,231

8

30

<30 30-50 >50 TOTAL

Men Female Unspeciﬁed

Due to a change in the de ˱nition of age groups in 2025, a year-on-year comparison with 2024 is unavailable.

[Page 164] Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts

Gender equality [S1-4, S1-5, S1-16]

[ S1-17 103a, d] In 2025, 151 allegations of discrimination and harassment affecting company workers were reported via the ENGIE Whistleblowing System and via the Group's managerial reporting system for ethics incidents (vs. 75 in 2024 via the ENGIE Whistleblowing System).

Gender equality is one of the pillars of the Group’s DEI Policy. ENGIE aims to achieve a gender balance with 40-60% women in management at Group level by 2030. In 2022, in line with its commitments and for greater clarity, the Group decided that it would focus on the equal pay metric from among the gender and pay equity metrics. It measures the difference between the pay of women and men in equivalent positions.

It compares the average pay of women with that of men for each group corresponding to the Group’s age groups and to the four socio-professional categories (workers, employees, technicians and supervisors, engineers and executives) or with employee classi ˱cation levels.

[S1-17 103b, d] During the same period, 38 allegations related to other social and human rights of employees (health & safety and working practices) were ˱led via these same systems (vs. 22 in 2024 via the ENGIE Whistleblowing System). No complaints were submitted to the National Contact Points for the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (as in 2024).

[S1-17 104a] No serious human rights incidents affecting employees occurred in 2025 (as in 2024).

Actions [S1-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Employees adversely affected by pay gaps above the target set by the Group Recurring annual action

• Identify potential gender pay gaps and de ˱ne action plans to address them

• Elimination of any pay discrepancies between men and women

[MDR-A 68d, 69a, b, c] The level of Group resources (OPEX) to support the implementation of this action plan will be adapted to each situation. The corresponding amounts are included in personnel costs in the Group’s ˱nancial statements.

• introduction of a requirement to monitor pay levels at the time of recruitment, particularly where women are recruited into predominantly male professions, to ensure consistency between men and women;

• introduction of procedures to ensure that women are not disadvantaged by maternity or parental leave;

[S1-4 38a, 40a] To comply with the principle of equal pay for men and women, each Group company de ˱nes an action plan to reduce pay gaps, analyzes its results each year and adapts its action plans as necessary.

• awareness-raising actions for human resources and management teams on gender bias in hiring and pay equity management;

• support for the departure of employees of retirement age and commitment to prioritize the hiring of women when possible.

[S1-4 38c] Action plans of various types include analyzing gender pay gaps during annual salary reviews, reviewing pay packages offered upon recruitment or promotion, ensuring that employees are not disadvantaged by maternity or parental leave, and raising management awareness of pay equity management.

Sustaining the process and long-term commitments

[S1-4 38d] The results of these action plans are subject to annual monitoring at Group level within the framework of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC) and ENGIE’s Global Agreement on fundamental rights and social responsibility.

[S1-4 38c, 40a, 41] During the same period, Group companies developed long-term action plans to sustain the process of achieving pay equity objectives:

Targets and metrics [S1-5, S1-16]

• implementation of gender equity agreements;

The Group uses a centralized tool to collect pay data, the Group Social Reporting data collection tool (see [S1-6 50e, f] – Collection tool).

Targets

• introduction of pay transparency policies to ensure that all employees understand pay criteria, accompanied by regular communication and consultation with employees on efforts and progress made in this area;

• development of processes for analyzing gender pay gaps during annual salary reviews, particularly when awarding pay increases, with monitoring and alert systems to speci ˱cally address the situation of women;

[ESRS 2 – 81] At this stage, the gender pay equity metric selected and monitored by the EESDC, as part of the Group’s 2030 targets, is the adjusted gap presented at the beginning of this section (see “Gender equality”). This takes into account several explanatory factors for pay gaps, in particular the analysis of full-time equivalent pay, factoring in socioprofessional categories and age groups. These factors allow the Group to focus on possible unjusti ˱ed deviations that necessitate action plans.

[Page 165] [S1-5 44a, b] In 2025, the gender pay gap (corresponding to metric 1 of the Gender Equity Index) was 1.57% (vs. 1.85% in 2024) on a scope representing close to 83% of the Group’s employees (vs. 80% in 2024). The result is in line with the Group’s objective.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-5 46] Since 2022, the Group has chosen to focus on the pay gap between men and women in equivalent positions, with the target of a maximum gap of 2% at Group level. The base year for this target is 2022. The period to which it applies is 2022-2030.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

as bene˱ts in kind (car and housing). Pension or incentive bonus/pro˱t-sharing data, are not recorded in these central tools and are therefore not included in the calculations of these metrics. Their impact is considered non-material for the metrics used. Moreover, for the purposes of calculating the ratio, since the ENGIE Group is made up of companies with different payroll systems, median pay cannot be calculated in the absence of a single database containing individual compensation data. In light of the Third Energy Package adopted on July 13, 2009, which imposes the independent management of system operators, and therefore excludes them from making certain information such as HR data available, such a database is not feasible. The calculation is therefore based on average Full-Time Equivalent pay, which can be calculated from GSR data and which excludes the highest-paid individual.

The elements of pay taken into account are the base salary, variable pay and individual and collective bonuses. The following items are excluded: ˱xed-term contract termination bene˱ts, bonuses linked to service requirements, overtime and additional hours worked, severance payments, seniority bonuses, incentives and pro˱t-sharing, shares and deferred share-based payments.

[S1-16 97a, c] For 2025, the calculated gender pay gap was 3.0% (vs. 4.3% in 2024).

[S1-16 97b, c] For 2025, the calculated remuneration ratio was: 74.7 (vs. 71.3 in 2024).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.3.2.5 Talent and skills [S1-1, S1-4, S1-5, S1-13]

All Group companies with more than 50 employees in France and more than 250 employees globally use EQUIDIV, a measurement tool developed by the Group to calculate the index automatically and uniformly on the basis of individual data. EQUIDIV provides priority remedial actions to advance gender and pay equality in the workplace.

Training and development [S1-1, S1-4, S1-5, S1-13]

Process for de ˱ning the target

Policies [S1-1]

[S1-5 47a] In France, the issue of gender and pay equity is discussed with employee representatives and may be the subject of company agreements.

Training and development are key for people development, organizational transformation and business growth.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-5 47b] ENGIE has signed a global agreement with employee representatives on fundamental rights and the Group’s social responsibility. The results of the commitment to equal pay for men and women are monitored during the annual meeting of the Global Forum, which is presented in the “Social dialogue” subsection of this chapter.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-1 19] ENGIE offers training programs, career paths and personal development initiatives to adapt skills to changes in professions and technologies. The ecological transition and technological accelerations due to digitization and arti ˱cial intelligence are transforming the professions of employees. They are also creating dif˱culties in ˱nding quali˱ed personnel in the Group’s many traditional and emerging businesses. In response, ENGIE is implementing a three-pronged social strategy:

• proactive skills management to prepare for the future;

[S1-5 47c] Each year, the companies included in the calculation analyze their results and, where necessary, implement corrective actions such as those described in the preceding “Actions” section. This information is the subject of exchanges within the representative bodies of salaried employees.

Pay metrics

• greater internal mobility serving the Group’s four main business lines (GBU);

• professional training objectives for all employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This strategy is being implemented with the aim of promoting job enrichment, new opportunities, and the consideration of employee initiatives and empowerment.

The compensation data used for calculating the pay metrics presented below were derived from Group Social Reporting (GSR) aggregated data, as in 2024. In 2025, data collected via the centralized HRIS was also used for long-term incentives, which is an improvement. The scope includes all Group employees. The compensation data taken into account include ˱xed and variable short-term compensation, performance share grants, exceptional bonuses and certain bene˱ts, such

[S1-1 21] ENGIE’s training initiatives and policies are aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 166] Training and Development Policy

• support the HR strategy and talent development;

• anticipate the skills of today and tomorrow;

• offer a high-quality learning experience to all.

ENGIE adopts the 70 (on-the-job learning, mobility), 20 (mentoring, peer collaboration) and 10 (formal training) model.

[S1-1 19, MDR-P 65a] In 2017, the Group adopted a Training and Development Policy that aims to train 100% of employees (all types of business combined) every year by 2030 via multimodal opportunities. This policy was reviewed in 2025 to establish a shared understanding of training and development within the Group, in line with the People Development Strategy (PDS) adopted in 2024. The L&D policy aims to:

[MDR-P] Training and Development Policy

Scope of application All Group employees

Group Human Resources Department

Accountable for implementation

The Training and Development Policy is accessible to all employees via the Group’s intranet

How the policy is made available

It de ˱nes a common language on skills and a new methodology for assessing people, taking into account their career aspirations, performance and potential. It promotes internal mobility and succession planning, as well as managers’ responsibility for people development through regular conversations with employees.

In order to promote accessibility and inclusion of different population groups within the employee workforce, the Group is increasingly using digital training courses via the Group’s Learning Management System (LMS), accessible in the 11 languages of the Company, and ensures the accessibility of face-to-face training for persons with disabilities when an employee reports dif ˱culties. ENGIE offers training opportunities to all employees via the training catalogs available on the Group’s Human Resources Information System (HRIS).

Talent Development Policy

In 2025, a new Mobility Policy was rolled out across the HR line and to managers. It aims to build a shared understanding of internal mobility and position it as a strategic lever for individual employee development and the Group’s collective performance. Several structural actions have been implemented to provide a more streamlined, positive employee experience:

The Training and Development Policy is complemented by the Talent Development Policy.

• establishment of regular mobility committees to facilitate job changes;

• identi ˱cation of internal opportunities;

• promotion of cross-functional career paths;

• simpli ˱cation and improvement of internal recruitment processes;

[MDR-P 65a] The latter policy aims to anticipate skills needs and prepare the Company’s future leaders and technical experts. It draws on a collective approach involving managers to identify key positions and potential talent, and offers personalized career paths as well as development tools common to all, supplemented by programs tailored to priority targets, such as experts, future leaders and current leaders. These programs are presented in detail under “Actions [S1-4]” below.

• support for HR professionals and managers in adopting the new mobility principles through targeted tools, training and communications.

These achievements re ˳ect the Group’s ambition to make mobility a central pillar of its talent development policy.

[MDR-P] Talent Development Policy

Scope of application All Group employees

Group Human Resources Department

Accountable for implementation

The Talent Development Policy is accessible to all employees via the Group’s intranet

How the policy is made available

[S1-1 24d] Approved by ENGIE’s Executive Committee and presented to employee representatives, the strategy reinforces the ˱ght against all forms of discrimination and promotes the inclusion of everyone in terms of personal and professional development.

[Page 167] Actions [S1-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

2027

• Clear vision of critical skills to guide training and mobility plans

• Mapping of ENGIE’s needs in terms of skills and by job, and deployment of the skills approach within the Group

All Group employees present in the HRIS

• Identi ˱cation of strengths and shortfalls to adjust strategies (mobility, L&D, recruitment)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Establishment of Business Academies (GBU and cross-cutting functions)

• Targeted development of strategic skills, shared culture All Group employees Recurring annual action

• Increase in the internal mobility rate, career attractiveness All Group employees 2027

• Continue to roll out the Group People Development Strategy among our employees, in particular the new Mobility Policy published in 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 40a] These learning experiences promote participant engagement, as evidenced by the high Net Promoter Score (NPS) and participant evaluations collected at the end.

[MDR-A 68d, 69a, b, c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of its activities. It relies notably on internal resources (OPEX) to drive the implementation of the above action plans, which are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

[S1-4 38b] ENGIE University and the Business Academies of the GBU and functions are evolving to form a global development ecosystem for Group employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Implementation of a Group-wide Learning governance structure to train and develop key skills

ENGIE favors a development approach that highlights priority skills by population and the associated key training needs.

In 2025, the Group’s Transformation was followed by change in the Business Academies: the Renewables and Flex Gen Academies merged and the new S&EM GBU is currently establishing its Academy. There are also cross-functional academies, namely the HR Academy, the Digital & Data Academy, and the Procurement Academy.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 38a, 39] This strategy has led to the establishment of a Learning governance system with a decision-making body featuring strategic and/or operational committees that meet each quarter to align and prioritize employees’ skill needs. This community includes around 500 people in the Human Resources functional line.

[S1-4 38a] Other vocational schools offering training related to the energy transition, such as the École des métiers d’Énergie Solutions France, the GEMS Schools, the GRDF Energy Formation and the Sustainability Academy, are open to employees.

[S1-4 38d] In 2025, the Group trained 89.7% of its employees (vs. 94.6% in 2024). Every year, actions are identi ˱ed to support the training of more employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 38c] In 2025, four e-learning courses were mandatory: Ethics, ENGIE One Safety Induction, Cybersecurity and No Mind At Risk. The Digital Kickstarter is also mandatory for Global Leaders and recommended for all employees. Two executive training programs are also recommended: ENGIE Ways of Leading (EWOL) and Information Protection at ENGIE.

Training with ENGIE University and the Academies

The 2025 Training & Development roadmap aims to create a learning organization, improve the user experience with SEZAME (the Group’s HRIS) and the Learning Management System (LMS), and adopt a skills-centered approach. It also enhances the performance of the Training function by optimizing tools, improving data quality and allowing strategic alignment with HR and business needs.

Strategic skills development actions and ENGIE Jobs

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 38c] ENGIE University is a place for strategic thinking on ENGIE’s Learning and Development policies, and the skills of today and tomorrow. For more than 15 years, this corporate university has been supporting the professional and personal development of employees, particularly executives and people managers, and is an important lever for corporate culture and training within the Group.

ENGIE University offers both face-to-face programs and digital courses (e-learning and virtual classrooms) to increase access to training for all employees throughout the world.

[S1-4 39] These skills are driven by a strategic and forwardlooking management process for jobs and skills (Strategic Workforce Planning). Industrial and ˱nancial forecasts feed into three-year quantitative and qualitative mapping of strategic and distinctive skills. Each of the Group’s Global Business Units must have such a map in order to implement its strategy and roll out the associated action plans.

It also organizes regional Learning & Career Days in hybrid mode (online and in-person in the countries) open to all Group populations. In all, more than 10,000 Group employees have taken part since 2024.

[Page 168] [S1-4 40a] This approach is organized around the internal ENGIE Jobs reference system, which lists more than 400 benchmark roles and their expected associated skills, with a view to continuous improvement. This repository serves notably as a working base to inform the Jobs and Career Path Management agreement in France and map stable, growing, transforming or declining professions. This reference system makes it possible to:

provides experts with development, visibility and mobility opportunities, while clarifying their roles and responsibilities. Seven priority areas were identi˱ed in 2025 within the Renewable & Flex Power GBU (wind, solar, hydro, batteries, thermal, desalination and electrical engineering), with more to follow progressively. This program marks a decisive step in making expertise a driver of transformation and sustainable performance.

• manage workforce trends by profession and by function;

People and Position Reviews

• anticipate recruitment needs;

[S1-4 38a] People and Position Reviews are part of the annual People Development cycle and are designed to achieve several objectives:

• take into account the impact of job losses related to market and technological changes;

• deploy appropriate training plans;

• ensure the company’s continuity and growth by identifying and developing ENGIE’s potential future leaders;

• prepare career paths suited to emerging challenges.

• foster a culture of talent development and internal promotion for all;

[S1-4 38d, 43, AR 43] These data are consolidated at Group level to obtain an overall view of developments in professions and skills, in particular in:

• mature technologies (wind, solar);

• promote mobility beyond organizational silos by combining viewpoints and designing qualitative and practical people development plans;

• new technologies (battery electricity storage, green gases);

• encourage managers to take responsibility for people development in line with the Group’s strategy;

• cross-functional skills (health & safety, data, digital, risk management).

• increase diversity at all levels to improve performance and support of the Group’s business strategy.

They also make it possible to construct cross-entity action plans to respond to common challenges, in particular the acquisition of new skills by recruiting new graduates through graduate programs.

Group talent development and retention

[S1-4 38a] In 2024, the Group launched its new employee development strategy with an internally designed and led training day attended by more than 6,000 managers. This training was rolled out to all Group managers in 2025; an e‑learning course was designed for all new managers and will be shared with all employees by the end of 2026. This strategy reinforces managers’ role in supporting Group employees in their personal and career development projects.

[S1-4 38b, c] In 2025, more than 800 positions were identi ˱ed as Global Key Positions, i.e., critical at Group level (compared to 1,100 in 2024). 87% of these positions have a succession plan in place (compared to 81% in 2024). In total, some 2,000 successors (compared to 2,046 in 2024) were identi˱ed among more than 34,000 employees (approximately 22,000 managers and more than 12,000 non-managers) whose potential was assessed by managers during the People Reviews conducted in 2025 (compared to 21,566 managers and 17,989 non-mangers in 2024). Clear action plans have been drawn up to support the development and careers of these successors, as well as other high-potential employees and those planned for mobility next year.

Career paths and mobility principles

Programs have been designed to focus on developing and retaining talented people and experts:

ENGIE development programs

Career management is a key element of the Group’s Human Resources strategy, particularly with a view to optimizing talent retention.

ENGIE’s development programs aim to identify, develop and retain strategic talent for leadership roles. They are structured around two key categories:

[S1-4 38a, b, c] The different areas of work strengthened in 2025 were:

• Global Leaders: Global Leaders occupy key positions within ENGIE’s top management; they are responsible for de ˱ning the Group’s vision and driving transformation at the highest level;

• succession plans for all key positions at the Group and Country levels (3,500 positions), enriching the identi ˱cation of successors across several time horizons and allowing for better anticipation of development plans;

• communication on examples of career paths within the Group as a source of inspiration;

• Future Global Leaders: High-potential talents who are called upon to assume major responsibilities, identi ˱ed in Global Leaders’ succession plans.

Expertise: a strategic performance driver

• de ˱nition of the expected experience and skills for certain key positions in the Group, for greater transparency;

• review of ENGIE Jobs and de ˱nition of the technical and behavioral skills expected for each job in order to create complementary tools for exploring career paths. Based on their declared skills, each employee can explore the most suitable jobs for mobility, using skills matching.

Since 2025, a new expertise framework has replaced ExpAND, aiming to recognize, develop and connect the Group’s experts in critical technical ˱elds aligned with business priorities. Managed by the GBU, this system is based on targeted talent identi˱cation and offers structured pathways to strengthen industrial impact and innovation. It

[Page 169] Targets and metrics [S1-5, S1-13]

Training programs

Each year, steering committees de ˱ne the priorities and strategic metrics for the actions developed by ENGIE University and the Business Academies.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Monitoring the Group’s overall training objectives

[S1-4 38b, c, d, 39] The effectiveness of these actions is measured through changes in retention and mobility rates and via the Group’s engagement survey, which also allowed priority development actions to be de ˱ned for 2025 and 2026. Following the results of the 2024 edition, more than 500 local actions were launched across the Group. They are tracked via a dashboard. Nearly 30% concern the development of our employees, while another third aim to simplify the Group and strengthen our continuous improvement process.

Performance review and development campaigns

[S1-5 46] In 2025, on average, 89.7% of the Group’s employees completed at least one face-to-face, digital or hybrid training course, across all countries and activities.

Performance review and development campaigns are part of the annual management cycle for employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-5 47a, b] The steps for achieving this target of having all employees trained were de ˱ned by the Group Head of Learning. ENGIE also reports this metric transparently, both internally and externally, notably through the Human Resources functional line.

[S1-4 38a] Their purpose is to clearly establish individual performance expectations in line with the Group’s objectives, to ensure that everyone clearly identi ˱es their contribution to ENGIE’s success, is recognized for their achievements and results, and receives support to maximize their potential.

[S1-5 47c] The subject of training/learning is also presented and discussed with social partners, in social dialogue bodies (French Works Council, European Works Council, Global Forum).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2024 2025 2030 target

[S1-4 38b, c] In addition to achievements, performance reviews include an analysis of performance in terms of expected behaviors (de ˱ned by the ENGIE Ways of Leading and ENGIE Ways of Working), as well as with regard to cross-cutting themes such as health & safety, diversity and inclusion, cybersecurity and ethics.

Percentage of staff trained each year 94.6% 89.7% 100%

[S1-4 38a, b, c] The development interview campaign aims to enable managers and employees to take stock of development actions, career aspirations and mobility by jointly developing individual development plans.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S1-4 38d, 39, 41] The effectiveness of the approach is measured by the percentage of employees who acknowledge the results of the evaluation at the end of the interview.

[S1-13 83b] Training and skills development metrics

Average number of training hours per employee and by gender

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Gender

2024 2025

Men 21 21

Women 16 16

Other 11 11

Unspeci ˱ed 24 20

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 20 20

The denominator used to calculate training metrics is headcount.

3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers [S1-1, S1-4, S1‑5, S1-14, S1-15]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

people. For subcontractors, these provisions are described in this section and not repeated in Section 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain, in order to avoid duplication. In addition, speci ˱c health & safety management provisions for subcontractors are described in Section 3.1.3.3. Actions carried out in 2025 to control health & safety risks within the framework of Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) contracts are presented in Section 3.2.4.2 Non-energy procurement.

In terms of health & safety at work, ENGIE aims to provide the same level of protection and risk prevention to all individuals working for the Group, regardless of their status, whether employees, temporary workers or subcontractors. The provisions implemented by ENGIE as expressed in its Health & Safety Policy, health & safety rules and standards, and its processes therefore apply to these different groups of

Regarding non-employees, ENGIE has chosen to apply a transitional provision for its 2025 reporting by publishing only data relating to temporary workers.

[Page 170] Policies, processes [S1-1]

[S1-1 19, 23]

Health & Safety Policy

ENGIE’s Health & Safety Policy is based on eight fundamental principles, such as taking risks into account in all decisionmaking processes, a participatory approach to the prevention of hazardous situations and the promotion of a climate of trust and dialogue.

[MDR-P 65a] ENGIE’s approach to health & safety at work includes two distinct prevention axis:

• “No Life At Risk”, which deals with accident prevention;

• “No Mind At Risk”, which focuses on improving quality of life at work and preventing psychosocial risks.

A reviewed version of this policy was published in 2022 in conjunction with the introduction of a Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and ENGIE’s Social Responsibility. This revision made it possible to introduce the No Mind at Risk prevention axis and additional practical provisions intended to improve quality of life at work and prevent psychosocial risks.

These two prevention axes are de ˱ned in the Health & Safety Policy, which was the subject of a global agreement with employee representatives.

The Group’s ambition, expressed in the preamble to its policy, is to make everyone – executives, managers, employees, subcontractors – a committed actor in their own health & safety, and that of others.

[MDR-P] Health & Safety Policy

All entities under ENGIE's operational health & safety management. All employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group

Scope of application [MDR‑P 65b]

The implementation of the Health & Safety Policy is presented in the form of results and the main actions implemented at the following levels:

• Executive Committee

Most senior level accountable for implementation [MDR P 65c]

• Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC)

• Board of Directors

The Health & Safety Policy was the subject of a global agreement with employee representatives, which made it possible to integrate employee expectations in terms of health & safety at work. Policy implementation is regularly shared with these employee representatives at meetings of the Global Forum and the European Works Council, two-way exchange forums

Description of the consideration given to the interests of stakeholders in setting the policy [MDR‑P 65d]

The agreement incorporating the Health & Safety Policy in the appendix is available on the Group’s website at: www.engie.com/en/news/international-social-agreement

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

Group health & safety rules and standards

The Group and its entities regularly carry out health & safety performance reviews at various levels of the organization.

The Group’s Health & Safety Policy is implemented through Group Rules on health & safety and topical standards.

These Group Rules on health & safety deal with speci ˱c topics, such as health & safety risk management, management of serious, potentially serious or fatal accidents, and health & safety management for temporary workers and subcontractors. These rules are processes that apply to all Group entities.

A Group Health & Safety Management Committee chaired by the Group Health & Safety Vice-President and including the health & safety managers of the four GBU as well as the Nuclear and Tractebel operational entities, meets monthly. Its role is to de ˱ne the metrics and targets to be monitored, decide on the actions to be taken and ensure the operational implementation of the action plans.

Regular updates are provided to the Group’s senior executives (Global Leaders Community).

In addition, the Group publishes thematic standards that enable health & safety risks to be controlled for activities that present speci˱c risks, such as working at height or using road vehicles.

The Group Rules on health & safety and standards apply:

• on a mandatory basis in all entities for which ENGIE is responsible for operational health & safety management;

Health & safety performance criteria are incorporated into the annual variable pay of the Chief Executive Of˱cer and other members of the Executive Committee. Senior executives’ annual variable pay also includes health & safety performance criteria within their scope of responsibility. A penalty system is in place for executives who have had a fatal accident within their scope.

• in the same way to all employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group.

Health & safety steering and governance

The health & safety results are shared with managers and the Group’s Health & Safety functional line.

The Group has set up and periodically reviews a reporting system that is both quantitative (e.g., Lost time Injury Rate) and qualitative (e.g., HiPo, for high potential incident, i.e., a near miss that could have been serious or even fatal) to inform management on the health & safety performance of the Group’s various entities.

[Page 171] Communication and awareness-raising

The “Prevention News” newsletter, dedicated to the No Life At Risk prevention axis, allows the Group to share all serious accidents, signi ˱cant hazards and events with high potential of severity (HiPo), as well as best practices implemented locally.

The communication and awareness-raising processes on health & safety issues for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group take various forms:

• communication and awareness campaigns on major risks;

Lastly, the Group organizes an annual convention for health & safety managers and representatives of the functional line.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• organization of the World Health & Safety Week each year;

Internal control and audits

• organization of an annual Safety Stand Down, which involves halting normal activities in favor of discussions dedicated to the prevention of serious and fatal accidents;

Each year, the Group administers an internal control questionnaire, which enables the health & safety managers of its entities to self-assess their control of the risks of serious and fatal accidents, and to identify actions for improvement in areas they consider de ˱cient (INCOME/COR8a).

• health & safety toolbox talks designed to facilitate discussion within work groups on speci ˱c issues affecting the team.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Improving quality of life at work and preventing psychosocial risks

ENGIE has also implemented a Group internal audit process to assess the management of major risks in the entities with a view to preventing serious and fatal accidents. This involves identifying best practices and improvement measures for implementation.

Dialogue with social partners

For several years, the Group and its subsidiaries have been implementing dedicated actions to improve the quality of life at work for their employees and thus prevent psychosocial risks, as part of the No Mind at Risk prevention axis.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To achieve its goal, the Group Health & Safety and Projects Support Department leads a network of quality of life at work experts. This network is entrusted in particular with designing the tools for the entire Group.

Animation of the Health & Safety functional line

Dialogue with employee representatives continued at all levels of the Group in 2025, particularly with the global and European bodies. Within the European Works Council, a standing working group is dedicated to health, safety and quality of life at work. This working group regularly reviews results and actions implemented and carries out continuous thinking on health & safety and quality of life at work.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Digital tools are used extensively by the Group for the animation of the Health & Safety functional line, and a great deal of work is done to disseminate information to the various entities. This work is supported notably by the organization of monthly thematic webinars, the presentation of analysis of the causes of serious and fatal accidents, and the provision of various technical and awareness-raising materials.

Actions [S1-4]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Implement the ENGIE One Safety transformation plan

Until the target is reached

Sustainable elimination of serious and fatal accidents as part of the "No Life At Risk" prevention axis Employees, temporary workers and subcontractors

December 2025

Complete the trainingcoaching of all managers with the ENGIE One Safety Culture program

Completion of the training-coaching program for all Group managers All Group managers, operational and functional

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reinforce psychosocial risks prevention Strengthening of the "No Mind At Risk" prevention axis, both for transformation projects and for routine activities Employees December 2027

Awareness-raising campaigns developed by the Group and made available to entities in 2025:

December 2025

Provide entities with new communication and awareness campaigns

• control of risks associated with road traf ˱c

Employees, temporary workers and subcontractors

• shared vigilance for the "No Life At Risk" and "No Mind At Risk" prevention axes

• psychosocial risks prevention

December 2025

Provision of a single digital health & safety tool for the Group and its entities to assess the Group’s performance in terms of serious and fatal accident prevention

Complete the con ˱guration and deployment of the One Safety Tool

Entities under the Group's operational health & safety management

[Page 172] Communication and awareness-raising

[MDR-A 68a, 68b, 68c, 68d, 68e] The main actions implemented by the Group in 2025 are described below, including, where appropriate, the ˱nal deadline if the action extends beyond 2025, as well as the qualitative and quantitative results.

Due to the increase in on-site commuting events with a high potential of severity (HiPo) and a fatal traf ˱c accident at a construction project in 2024, the Group launched a new road risk awareness campaign in the ˱rst quarter of 2025 to remind everyone of the applicable rules.

[MDR-A 68d, 69a, b, c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of its activities. It relies notably on internal resources (OPEX) to drive the implementation of the action set out above, which are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

This year, the Group again marked World Safety Week with a speci˱c animation for the various work groups. The theme for 2025 was shared vigilance applied for both the No Life At Risk and No Mind At Risk prevention axis, which are dedicated to serious and fatal accidents and psychosocial risks respectively.

ENGIE One Safety transformation plan

Following the fatal accidents of 2021, the Group and its operational entities joined forces to draw up ENGIE One Safety, a major health & safety transformation plan. Its objective is to sustainably eliminate serious and fatal accidents involving employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group.

As it does every year in October, the Group organized a Safety Stand Down to commemorate the victims of fatal accidents and to reinforce the implementation of the Group’s expectations regarding the prevention of serious and fatal accidents. The principle behind this event is to stop all of the Group’s activities and dedicate this particular moment to discussions within the teams around the prevention of major health & safety risks. The new approach to reinforcing the prevention of psychosocial risks was presented.

Training and coaching for managers

Several topics were addressed on implementing this plan in 2025 to de ˱ne and/or strengthen the provisions to be implemented for the Group to achieve its long-term goal of zero serious and fatal accidents as soon and as sustainably as possible.

Following the assessment of its health & safety organization and culture by an external consultant, in 2022 and 2023 the Group designed, tested and launched a new training and coaching program for all its managers, known as ENGIE One Safety Culture. Based on an innovative coaching approach, it aims to improve the ef ˱ciency of managers’ safety rituals, such as safety visits, to promote a more robust safety culture, in particular among employees and temporary workers.

The Group has worked to strengthen its learning organization capacities by continuing to work on improving its speak-up culture. The improvement of the transparency culture aims to encourage operators exposed to risks to report incidents they have experienced (in particular HiPos near-miss fatal accidents) so the causes can be analyzed and corrective action taken to avoid recurrence. The following actions were carried out on this subject in 2025:

In 2025, ENGIE ˱nalized the rollout of this training and coaching program for its operational and functional managers. Since the start of the program, 10,501 managers have been trained and 6,801 managers have been coached (8,578 and 5,207 respectively at end-2024).

[MDR-A 68c] The program will be maintained over time to train the ˳ow of new managers.

One Safety Tool, a unique digital resource

• a survey conducted among a sample of employees to qualify their feelings as to whether they feel free to express themselves without constraints and to identify areas for improvement. The objective of the survey was to estimate the extent to which employees feel comfortable reporting any dif ˱culties encountered in terms of occupational health & safety to their line management, as well as signi˱cant events they may experience, such as HiPos;

• a revision of the Group’s just and fair culture policy to cover the recognition of virtuous behavior and the treatment of consequences of deviations from health & safety rules, now more focused on the identi ˱cation of corrective actions.

As part of the ENGIE One Safety transformation plan, the Group wanted to create a digital health & safety tool shared by all its subsidiaries and entities. This cross-functional digital tool, known as the One Safety Tool (OST), has several objectives: to harmonize and anchor processes and practices to prevent serious and fatal accidents throughout the Group, to better assess the management of major risks through standardized data collection, and to monitor the implementation of actions to manage the risks of serious and fatal accidents.

2025 was dedicated to:

To prevent serious and fatal accidents among subcontractors, the Group has taken over PEPS (Partners Engaged for our Priority Safety), a program implemented by LEI France. The Group plans to adapt and test the program before rolling it out to all its entities beginning in 2026.

• ˱nalizing the con˱guration of the various features of the tool;

• rolling out the platform to all Group entities, with the support of local trainers and contacts;

• launching a dedicated intranet site featuring user guides and technical information concerning the use of OST;

• establishing a digital exchange space for users to ask questions and share feedback;

In 2025, the ENGIE One Safety Induction e-learning program was extended to the Group’s subcontractors. This e-learning module is designed to embed the Safety Essentials into the daily routines of personnel exposed to risks of serious or fatal accidents. It is now accessible via a dedicated ENGIE One Safety website, with versions translated into the main languages used by subcontractors within the Group (https:// onesafety.engie.com).

• designing an initial version of an application allowing access to One Safety Tool from a smartphone;

• designing complementary tools for the platform to utilize the collected data.

[Page 173] Improving quality of life at work and preventing psychosocial risks

• development of a methodological toolkit to support organizational transformation projects and manage potential psychosocial risks at each stage.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Additionally, the Group continued the publication of its bimonthly newsletter dedicated to the No Mind At Risk prevention axis. The newsletter presents Group news on the subject, best practices and actions implemented locally by entities. It also focuses on speci ˱c topics, such as e-learning for employees, shared vigilance applied to psychosocial risks and mental load management.

As part of the ENGIE One Safety transformation plan, the decision was made in 2025 to strengthen the No Mind At Risk prevention axis by placing a particular focus on cultural and behavioral aspects and building on existing best practices in the entities. This new multi-year approach is sponsored by the Group Human Resources Director. The tools to be put in place will be intended ˱rst for transformation projects of the organization of entities and second for the treatment of more routine situations that may occur in the course of their activities. The ˱rst actions were launched in 2025:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• deployment of an awareness-raising module in the form of an e-learning course mandatory for all Group employees;

• deployment of an awareness-raising campaign intended to foster mindfulness and changes in behavior;

In 2025, the Group Health & Safety and Projects Support Department additionally piloted the implementation of an internal control questionnaire on the management of psychosocial risks (INCOME/COR8c). Its aim is to enable entities to self-assess their control of these risks and identify any necessary corrective actions. The questionnaire was deployed across 70 entities selected based on the results of the 2024 ENGIE&Me survey.

• development of a new standard expressing the Group’s expectations toward the entities as regards the detection of psychosocial risks, managerial commitment and reporting, followed by the analysis of serious incidents;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

KPIs and targets [S1-5, S1-14, S1-15]

Nature and description of target 2024 reporting 2025 reporting 2030 target 2025 target Corresponding IROs

Lost Time Injury Rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors 1.7 1.7 1.5 ≤1.7 safety at work

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3 1 (1) 0 0 safety at work

Number of fatalities as a result of workrelated injuries of employees, temporary workers and subcontractors

Fatality rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors 0.009 0.003 0 0 safety at work

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These metrics and targets include entities under the Group's operational health & safety management.

• reduction in the Lost Time Injury Rate. This overall frequency rate incorporates accidents involving employees, temporary workers and subcontractors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The frequency and fatality rates were determined based on hours worked. They are presented per million hours worked. The hours worked by subcontractors can be estimated from invoice amounts when these hours are not directly available. In 2025, approximately 44% of subcontractors’ hours worked were estimated.

[MDR-T 79c] The Group regrets to report one work-related fatality in 2025. This is a strong reminder that zero fatalities remains an absolute priority for 2026. At the same time, ENGIE has succeeded in stabilizing the number of lost-time accidents, despite a higher risk pro ˱le. The Lost Time Injury Rate was 1.7 at end-2025, as in 2024.

ENGIE has set itself the following objectives, which apply to employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group, regardless of the nature of their contract:

• no serious or fatal work-related accidents among people working for the Group;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) One person died in 2025 while working for a Group subcontractor. Please note: one employee died in the workplace but no direct link to the employee’s professional activities could be formally established. From a legal point of view, the case is still under investigation at the date of publication of this document.

[Page 174] Metrics within the scope of ESRS S1:

The results presented in the following table take into account subsidiaries controlled (fully consolidated) by the Group as well as joint operations that fall within the scope of ˱nancial consolidation considered in the Sustainability Statement, as required by the ESRS. These results include all employees working for such subsidiaries and entities, as well as temporary workers.

ESRS-S1 metrics 2024 2025

Percentage of employees covered by a health & safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards or guidelines 72% 80.9%

Percentage of temporary workers covered by a health & safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards or guidelines 72% 77.6%

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries among Group employees 1 0

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries among Group temporary workers 0 0

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries among Group subcontractors 2 1

Number of days lost due to lost-time injuries and fatalities for employees (1) 18,116 17,873

Number of accidents with and without lost time for employees 1,111 1,125

Number of accidents with and without lost time for employees and temporary workers 1,160 1,146

Total Recordable Incident Rate for employees 6.7 7.2

Total Recordable Incident Rate for employees and temporary workers 6.7 7.1

Number of new cases of occupational illnesses among employees, as recognized under local regulations 45 17

The percentages of employees and temporary workers covered by a health & safety management system based on recognized legal requirements and/or standards or guidelines are calculated on the basis of the average monthly headcount;

This Total Recordable Incident Rate is calculated as follows:

• TRIR (2) = (Number of medical treatments + number of restricted workday cases + number of lost time injuries + number of fatalities) x 10 6 / Number of hours worked.

• [entity-speci ˱c information] Fatality rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors: 0.003, versus a target of zero (0.009 in 2024). This fatality rate is de ˱ned by the international standard GRI-403 (published by the Global Reporting Initiative) relating to the publication of performance metrics covering occupational health & safety. It is calculated as follows, including data on employees, temporary workers and subcontractors: Fatality rate = (Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries) x 10 6 / Number of hours worked;

Speci ˱c metrics

Metrics speci ˱c to the Group (fatality rate and Lost Time Injury Rate) are included in this Sustainability Statement to ensure continuity of information with the metrics reported for 2024.

• [entity-speci ˱c information] Lost Time Injury Rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group: 1.7 in line with the maximum target for the year of 1.7 (1.7 in 2024); the Lost Time Injury Rate is calculated as follows, including data on employees, temporary workers and subcontractors: LTIR (3) = (Number of lost-time accidents + number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries) x 10 6 / Number of hours worked;

• [entity-speci ˱c information] Employee Lost Time Injury Rate of 2.0 (unchanged from 2024).

The results presented in this section include entities for which the Group provides health & safety operational management. ENGIE exercises this operational management when the Group controls, or has the ability to in˳uence, the conduct and performance of health & safety activities. For all these entities, the metrics presented cover all employees, temporary workers and subcontractors.

Commuting accidents are not counted as work-related accidents, as these journeys are not the responsibility of the Group, unless the means of transport used for them are chartered by the Group.

(1) The number of days lost following a fatal accident is the number of days between the date of the accident and the date of death, if death does not occur immediately after the accident. In the event of immediate fatality, no lost workdays are recorded. (2) TRIR: “Total Recordable Incident Rate”. (3) LTIR: “Lost Time Injury Rate”.

[Page 175] 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy) [ESRS S2]

Introduction [SBM-3, S2-1, S2-3, S2-4]

Description of the types of workers in the value chain [SBM-3]

To remedy this situation, ENGIE’s procurement vigilance approach includes measures on identifying the main human rights risks associated with its activities that might have an impact on the workers in its value chain.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 11] In non-energy purchasing, supplier employees are the value chain workers likely to be affected by ENGIE’s activities.

[SBM-3 11a] At ENGIE, the term “supplier” refers to external companies with which the Group and its entities have a direct contractual relationship. This includes:

• companies that supply goods (suppliers);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• companies that perform services for ENGIE, whether or not in addition to supplying goods (subcontractors).

[SBM-3 11b] ENGIE uses Maplecroft analysis to identify high‑risk countries, chie ˳y as regards the risks associated with child labor and forced or compulsory labor. All suppliers in countries identi˱ed as high risk are subject to due diligence. Suppliers in high-risk categories, especially as regards working conditions (wind, solar, batteries, etc.), are subject to enhanced due diligence carried out by business intelligence experts or external service providers specialized in certain regions, such as China. Action plans on these points are set out in the Group’s Vigilance Plan (see Section 3.2.4.2).

This section applies to suppliers, supplier employees, and suppliers’ own suppliers within the ENGIE supply chain, collectively referred to as “value chain workers”, unless otherwise speci ˱ed.

[SBM-3 13] Six procurement categories are currently considered high-risk in terms of human rights, health & safety and/or environmental impact:

• solar panels and batteries;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• wind turbines;

• electrical equipment;

• safety gear and clothing;

• IT equipment;

[SBM-3 11a i-v] Among suppliers, subcontractors work on the company's sites without being an integral part of its workforce. These include installers who ensure that the equipment is ˱tted and working properly, as well as facility management and other professionals. They are subject to the same risks and impacts as Group employees and temporary workers, regardless of the nature of the equipment they operate or the service they provide.

• turnkey EPC contracts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 11d] In its double materiality assessment, ENGIE has identi ˱ed impacts, risks and opportunities concerning value chain workers.

Category analysis and country risk assessment are used to create a risk matrix, with input from the Category Manager network and the Group’s ESG partner: EcoVadis.

In its activities, ENGIE applies the principles set out in the ILO conventions on fundamental workers’ rights (prohibition of forced and child labor, non-discrimination, collective bargaining and freedom of association), workers’ health and well-being, and adequate working conditions (wages, working hours, etc.). These principles apply to the whole of the value chain.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For each of these categories, speci ˱c action plans have been run, involving stricter contractual provisions, ethical and social audits, stricter health & safety rules, and diversi˱cation of the supplier panel to select lower-risk suppliers. Suppliers in at-risk categories must also provide detailed information on their value chain, including the location of their production sites.

Items relating to SBM-2 are provided in Section 3.1.1.2.3 Stakeholder involvement.

Global strategy and policies [S2-1]

Suppliers must treat their employees fairly and with dignity. Where laws and regulations do not specify a minimum wage, suppliers must ensure that the wages paid are fair or meet more than primary needs. These principles are set out in ENGIE’s Human Rights Vigilance Policy.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-3 11e] ENGIE also faces legal and reputational risks, such as the payment of ˱nes, compliance costs, legal fees and indemnities, in the event that it fails to comply with its duty of vigilance obligations.

[S2-1 17] The Group’s policies, foremost among which is its Human Rights Vigilance Policy, are based on international human rights protection standards, which the Group is committed to respecting as a minimum, regardless of local legislation.

[S2-1 17a] These policies are aligned with internationally recognized standards applying to value chain workers, starting with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

[SBM-3 11c] ENGIE must also take into account systemic negative impacts such as involuntary involvement in the violation of fundamental rights and freedoms of workers as a result of purchases made in sectors or geographies considered “at risk”, which could constitute a risk for its activities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S2-1 17b] The Group’s overall approach to respect for human rights is described in Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights. This approach applies to all workers in the value chain. This details how the approach is applied to value chain workers, along with the speci ˱c measures that apply to them with regard to the material impacts and risks identi˱ed by the Group.

[SBM-3 12] ENGIE purchases products and services from a wide variety of industries and geographical areas, some of which may be more or less at risk in terms of workers’ rights and subject to more or less stringent and enforced regulations in this area. The Group is therefore aware that its value chain is exposed to speci ˱c negative impacts such as those that might arise from failure to respect workers’ rights, accidents or unintentional incidents resulting in injury, ill-health or death.

The approach is also in line with the Group’s Vigilance Plan , which includes the procurement vigilance approach detailed in Section 3.2.4.2 Non-energy procurement and on the ENGIE website at https://www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/ vigilance-plan

[Page 176] of Conduct in Supplier Relations, the Due Diligence Policy for Direct Suppliers and Subcontractors, and the Subcontracting Policy.

[S2-1 18] ENGIE’s main policies on managing its material impacts on value chain workers and related major risks are as follows:

• Human Rights Vigilance Policy (see Section 3.1.3.1);

[S2-1 17c] In line with its duty of vigilance, the Group seeks to identify the risks associated with its suppliers’ activities, wherever these are related to the joint business relationship. If risks are identi ˱ed, in-depth vigilance measures are taken, including due diligence before entering into a contractual relationship, and contractual provisions are included in respect of human rights and the evaluation of supplier practices throughout the contractual relationship.

• Ethics Code of Conduct;

[S2-1 17] Risk identi ˱cation and management is practiced through ENGIE’s procurement vigilance process, which involves:

• Code of Conduct in Supplier Relations.

• risk mapping, the procedure for which is set out in [SBM-3 13] ;

ENGIE’s policies explicitly prohibit forced labor, human traf ˱cking and child labor in all its activities, including those of its suppliers.

ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct:

• prohibits all forms of forced labor and child labor, and expects this principle to be respected by all third parties;

• a supplier selection process including a CSR assessment (EcoVadis), implementation of the Due Diligence Policy, implementation of management plans taking account of supplier eligibility criteria, and supplier performance metrics with associated improvement plans. Such plans may include audits and special contractual provisions to limit risk. A risk reduction plan is systematically applied for suppliers with an EcoVadis score under 45/100.

• speci ˱es that third parties must offer their employees adequate working conditions, in line with ENGIE’s principles and commitments.

The principles and rules on risk identi ˱cation and management feature in the purchasing management system and in purchasing operational processes. These include the requirements of the Ethics Code of Conduct (which replaced the Ethics Charter in 2023), the CSR Policies, the Health & Safety Policy, the Code

[MDR-P 65a ] ENGIE’s Procurement Charter emphasizes the Group’s commitment to sustainability and human rights, and ensures the application of ethical practices throughout its supply chains.

[MDR-P] Procurement Charter

Scope of application [MDR-P 65b]

The Procurement Charter stipulates that ENGIE’s commitments and requirements must be applied in its relations with suppliers and throughout its supply chains

The Procurement Charter is applied by the Group Procurement Department

Accountable for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR-P 65d]

The ENGIE Group is committed to the United Nations Global Compact, aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Paris Agreement, and ensures that human rights are respected in its operations. ENGIE is also committed to respecting international standards, in particular International Labour Organization standards, and does not tolerate any form of human rights abuse or any violations of integrity

All the above-mentioned commitments ˱gure in supplier contracts through an Ethics and Sustainable Development Clause, which the Group includes in all purchasing contracts, regardless of their amount

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

[S2-1 19] Regarding workers in the ENGIE value chain, in 2025 no instances were reported of non-respect of (i) the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, (ii) the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or (iii) the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. No cases were reported in 2024.

Whistleblowing mechanism [S2-3]

[S2-3 27c, 27d] The whistleblowing mechanism is an important tool for informing ENGIE of its impact on individuals and groups. Grievances may be of any kind, including social or environmental, and any negative impacts identi ˱ed must be appropriately remedied. Full details of the Group’s Whistleblowing System are given in Sections 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights and 3.2.6 Whistleblowing and alert reporting system.

Value chain workers can use the Whistleblowing System to report any infringements they might have experienced. Workers are protected by the whistleblowing process, which is managed by a third party that guarantees their anonymity.

[S2-3 27a, 27b] ENGIE has set up a single whistleblowing mechanism whereby all its stakeholders, including value chain workers, can report any infringement of their rights. Sections 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights and 3.2.6 Whistleblowing and alert reporting system include details on: the overall approach and procedures for providing or contributing to the remediation of a situation involving a negative impact on persons; the way in which the Group assesses the effectiveness of the solutions provided; and the adoption of policies to protect whistleblowers from reprisals.

The processes whereby ENGIE encourages use of this Whistleblowing System, and the way in which the Group monitors and processes the issues raised and addressed, and ensures the effectiveness of the system are described in Sections 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights and 3.2.6 Whistleblowing and alert reporting system.

[Page 177] provided for subcontractors working on Group sites and worksites.

The Code of Conduct In Supplier Relations invites suppliers to report any ethical incident concerning ENGIE through the ENGIE Whistleblowing System, the address of which is noti ˱ed to them.

The Group’s Health & Safety Policy sets a clear objective for the health & safety of subcontractors: to guarantee a degree of prevention and protection at least equivalent to that of employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To achieve this, the policy speci ˱es the following points to be applied by each entity:

[S2-3 28] The procedures for communicating the system to stakeholders are described in Sections 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights and 3.2.6 Whistleblowing and alert reporting system. Stakeholders can use this system to voice their concerns or needs and request solutions.

• subcontractor selection criteria must include the prevention of health & safety risks;

[S2-4 36] No severe human rights issues or incidents connected to value chain workers were reported in 2024 and in 2025.

• contracts with subcontractors must include health & safety requirements;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Resources and governance [S2-4]

• the number of subcontracting tiers is limited according to the type of environment in which external companies operate (site in operation or construction project).

These points are set out in the Group’s rules on subcontractor health & safety management, and in the rules governing the process of purchasing services from outside companies.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S2-4 38] ENGIE allocates internal resources to managing the material impacts on value chain workers. These resources are used to form specialized teams tasked with carrying out due diligence on suppliers and auditing sites identi ˱ed as “at risk” at the outcome of such due diligence, particularly in sectors or regions presenting a high risk of human rights violations. The whistleblowing mechanism is an integral part of this process, enabling potential problems to be detected and dealt with quickly.

In addition, subcontractors are required to inform their employees and subcontractors of ENGIE’s health & safety requirements and to ensure that they are applied.

[S2-2 22d] The agreement including the Health & Safety Policy in the appendix is available on the Group’s website at: www.engie.com/en/news/international-social-agreement.

This approach forms part of the Group’s Vigilance Plan , which includes the procurement vigilance approach outlined in Section 3.2 and on the website at https://www.engie.com/en/ ethics-and-compliance/vigilance-plan.

[S2-2 22a, 22b] ENGIE has set up a number of processes on subcontractor health & safety management.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Working conditions relating to the health and safety of value chain workers [2-2, 2-4, 2-5]

Material IROs

These processes are described in a Group Rule on health & safety for subcontractors (GR02). It sets out the various health & safety processes applicable to work subcontracted to external companies:

• negative impact : exposure of value chain workers to risks that could affect their physical (accidents) and psychological (psychosocial risks, arduous work) integrity at ENGIE sites;

• company quali ˱cation involves assessing its health & safety maturity, assessment of the level of risk associated with the service, and identi˱cation of corrective actions required;

• risk: risk to the Group’s reputation in the event of serious accidents involving workers in the company’s value chain;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• opportunity: improvement to ENGIE’s competitive advantage when responding to calls for tender (speci ˱cations including health & safety).

• subcontractor selection is based on answers to a questionnaire, on health & safety criteria relevant to the service involved, and on the company’s ability to meet the Group’s expectations;

Processes [S2-2]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group wishes its subcontractors working on Group sites and work sites to enjoy the same level of health & safety at work as its own employees.

• inclusion of speci ˱c health & safety clauses in the contract, summarizing the generic and contract-speci˱c provisions to be applied. In particular, subcontractors must demonstrate that ENGIE’s safety rules are a contractual condition for their own subcontractors and that they are able to meet the Group’s requirements;

Details of the Health & Safety Policy are provided in Section 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers.

• the service to be provided must include compulsory stages, such as work preparation, checks on the quality and completeness of documentation, operator safety instructions and a work start-up meeting;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S2-2 22] This ambition, an integral part of ENGIE’s Health & Safety Policy, means that particular attention is paid to preventing the risks to which the Group’s subcontractors may be exposed at its sites and worksites.

• work is duly coordinated and supervised, to include safety visits, inspections and audits;

• [S2-2 22e] The company carrying out the work is assessed for health & safety performance during the work and on completion of it.

In view of its accident record, in particular serious and fatal accidents, the Group has decided to prioritize the prevention of this type of accident for all people working on its behalf at its sites and worksites: employees, temporary workers and subcontractors. While it is understood that all subcontractors are subject to the same health & safety rules set out in the ethics clause of each contract, stricter rules are nonetheless

In addition, the speci ˱cs of subcontractor involvement in industrial projects within the scope of the Group’s activities are covered by speci˱c standards that complement the Group Rule on subcontractor health & safety.

[Page 178] Actions [S2-4]

The policy also includes:

• identi ˱cation and comparison of digital tools to better monitor actions;

• implementation of harmonized rituals (e.g., Contractors’ Day, audits and/or safety management inspections);

In 2021, ENGIE commissioned a specialist consultant to assess its health & safety management system and the maturity of its health & safety culture, and to analyze shortcomings from industry best practices here. In response to the consultant’s recommendations, ENGIE drew up and implemented the health & safety ENGIE One Safety transformation plan.

• implementation of a dashboard to track metrics;

• adoption of an approach structured around identifying and controlling on-site intervention activities considered “at risk” from a health & safety perspective.

[S2-4 34a, 34b] This transformation plan includes speci ˱c training for managers, awareness-raising initiatives for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group, and regular audits on the prevention of serious and fatal accidents at ENGIE sites and worksites.

Details on [S2-4, 32b, 32d, 33a, 33c] are provided in Section 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers.

KPIs and targets [S2-5]

In 2025, the ENGIE One Safety Induction e-learning course, which was rolled out to employees in 2024, was extended to the Group’s subcontractors. This e-learning module is designed to embed the Safety Essentials into the daily routines of personnel exposed to risks of serious or fatal accidents. It is now accessible via a dedicated ENGIE One Safety website (https://onesafety.engie.com/), with versions translated into the main languages used by subcontractors within the Group.

With regard to the health & safety of its employees, subcontractors and temporary workers operating at Group sites and worksites, ENGIE is targeting the prompt elimination of serious and fatal accidents and further reductions in its Lost Time Injury Rate. This plan is part of the company’s wider policy of guaranteeing adequate working conditions for its employees, with particular emphasis on health & safety and respect for human rights.

Several other actions were carried out in 2025 to strengthen the management of health & safety risks related to the Group’s industrial activities.

These actions are part of a new Group policy covering all construction-related purchasing categories, as well as the 2025 roadmap, which covers the entire life cycle of the relationship with subcontractors, from the creation of the supplier account to performance evaluation.

Nature and description of target 2024 reporting 2025 reporting 2030 target

Lost Time Injury Rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors 1.7 1.7 1.5

Fatality rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors 0.009 0.003 0

Processes [S2-2]

Supplier employees are the value chain workers likely to be affected by ENGIE’s activities. They are de ˱ned in the introduction to Section 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy) in [SBM-3 11] .

[S2-5 42a, 42b, 42c] ENGIE uses standardized methods to calculate and monitor its metrics and outcomes, including internal control processes and risk assessment tools in the areas of human rights and health & safety. Key assumptions include the active participation of operating entities and the involvement of employees in training and prevention processes.

[S2-2 22] Material impacts, risks and opportunities for value chain workers are managed through responsible purchasing and social responsibility policies.

The company has not directly involved value chain workers, their legitimate representatives or other proxies in the targetsetting process.

Calculation formulas for health & safety metrics are presented in the speci ˱c metrics in Section 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers.

[S2-2 22b, 22c] All Group entities are required to annually assess their activities with regard to their impact on human rights, using a dedicated self-diagnostic scorecard. The ˱ndings of this assessment are managed and analyzed by the Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department (ECPD).

Adequate working conditions [2-2, 2-4, 2-5]

Material IROs

[S2-2 23] ENGIE seeks to reduce its number of suppliers, focusing on strategic and sustainable partnerships for a more accurate view of perspectives of value chain workers. This will maximize supply chain value while promoting innovation, sustainability and resilience.

• Negative impact: participation in the violation of the fundamental rights and freedoms of value chain workers through the purchase of products or services from high-risk sectors.

The Group is not in a position to publish information on the terms of engagement with workers in the value chain [S2-2, 22a, 22d, 22e] .

• Positive impact: contribution to access to decent employment for value chain workers, particularly in activities associated with the just transition.

• Risk: legal risk and risks to the Group’s reputation (payment of ˱nes, remediation costs, legal costs and payment of damages) in the event of a breach of the duty of vigilance.

[Page 179] Actions [S2-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

The tool applies to all Group entities, along with key suppliers Recurring annual action

[S2-4 32b] Reinforced due diligence to prevent the risk of forced labor practices in the Group’s supply chains located in high-risk countries

Improved capabilities in real‑time tracking and reporting of supplier training and compliance, for better oversight and risk management

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Implement a mandatory training plan on ethical supplier relations and due diligence in the purchasing process

Improved supplier compliance with ethical and social standards, mitigating risks in the supply chain

The whole of the Procurement functional line is trained in this area Recurring annual action

Ethical audits of production sites in high-risk sectors such as solar panels and wind turbines

Improved supplier compliance with ethical and social standards, mitigating risks in the supply chain

Audits are performed by ENGIE or by independent third parties at production sites in high-risk sectors

Recurring annual action

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Perform speci ˱c audits on workers’ living quarters, particularly on building and other work sites

Improved living and working conditions for building site workers in the Middle East

Recurring annual action

Targeted audits of workers’ living quarters in high-risk areas of the Middle East, especially on building sites

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-A 69a, b, c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of its activities. It relies notably on internal resources (OPEX) to drive the implementation of the above action plans, which are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

[S2-4 34a, 34b, 35] For example, in the Project and Construction category, for suppliers with a high purchasing volume and/or long-term contracts, ENGIE applies a speci ˱c selection process aimed at assessing the relevance of a supplier’s health & safety policy prior to its inclusion in a call for tenders, as part of an onboarding process.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Then, supplier quali˱cation includes a due diligence questionnaire using separate analyses to assess health & safety management, and human rights. The ˱ndings (low, medium or high risk) determine the corrective actions required, such as exclusion of the supplier or subcontractor, or the obligation to implement certain actions in order to be included in a future call for tenders.

[S2-4 32a] ENGIE has taken speci ˱c actions to manage the material impacts, risks and opportunities concerning workers in the value chain. Under the Group’s vigilance approach, a speci˱c in-depth vigilance action plan to identify the risks of forced labor practices in the Group’s supply chains in China was launched in 2020. These details are provided in the legal due diligence requirements contained in the Vigilance Plan, in Section 3.2.1.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority human rights risks.

[S2-4 32a, b, c, d] This information is summarized in the action table above.

KPIs and targets [S2-5]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S2-4 33a, 33b] ENGIE also adapts its approach to managing the material impacts of value chain workers according to risks (arising from procurement categories and production countries) and supplier types (strategic, preferred, major, transactional). Each procurement category applies the Group’s internal policies and processes according to these speci ˱cities and criticality levels.

ENGIE uses standardized methods to calculate and monitor its indicators. These include internal control processes and tools to assess human rights and health & safety risks. Operational entities and employees actively participate in training and prevention actions. The Group is studying the operational procedures needed to collect the information required to publish these metrics.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 180] 3.1.3.4 Workers in the value chain (energy) [S2]

For value chain workers in the energy sector, the material IROs are:

• Negative impact: involvement in the violation of fundamental rights and freedoms of value chain workers involved in potentially high-risk energy purchasing activities;

• Risks: legal and reputational risks (payment of ˱nes, remediation costs, legal costs and payment of damages) in the event of a breach of duty of vigilance.

Introduction [SBM-3]

In 2025, an incident was identi˱ed within an existing business relationship. ENGIE contacted the counterparty and was informed of the actions and measures taken by that counterparty and its subcontractor. Regarding workers in the ENGIE value chain, in 2025, as in 2024, no instances were reported of non-respect of (i) the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, (ii) the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or (iii) the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. ENGIE will regularly monitor the implementation of the proposed corrective measures.

Policies and processes [S2-1 16, S2-1 17a]

Supply & Energy Management (S&EM) is the ENGIE operating entity in charge of the Group’s sustainable energy procurement. S&EM oversees the majority of ENGIE’s energy supply activities.

These activities include natural gas (including LNG), biomass, biomethane, (renewable) energy, carbon credits, Guarantees of Origin, International Renewable Energy Certi ˱cates (I‑RECs), hydrogen and ammonia, among others.

Description of the types of value chain workers concerned [SBM-3]

The social and environmental risks associated with ENGIE’s energy supply activities have been identi ˱ed as a speci˱c vigilance matter for the Group. Throughout its energy procurement and supply activities, ENGIE is committed to preventing or mitigating the risks of any negative impacts on people and the environment that may be caused by such activities, including any non-respect of the fundamental rights and freedoms of its value chain workers.

Environmental and social risks in the various energy supply chains are identi˱ed through research using public domain information, before then being assessed and monitored by the ESG team. Where necessary, reasonable measures are taken to mitigate identi˱ed risks.

[S2-2 22] ENGIE does not tolerate any suppliers who fail to respect the human rights and fundamental freedoms of value chain workers, and action may be taken if adequate mitigation measures cannot be put in place.

S&EM Energy Supply Vigilance Policy

[SBM-3 11] Value chain workers are those of the direct energy suppliers. They are spread across the globe, since ENGIE’s energy supply activities are worldwide. ENGIE makes efforts to identify its value chain workers and to assess whether its activities contribute directly or indirectly to the non-respect of these workers’ fundamental rights and freedoms by performing due diligence on counterparties, business relationships and supply chains. Depending on the country and activity in question, ENGIE’s value chain workers may be exposed to high risks. Employees of companies in the upstream energy supply chain are considered to be value chain workers, and are therefore covered by the identi ˱cation of social and societal risks.

If the upstream energy supply chain is known, it is possible to identify potential risks for value chain workers. However, for volumes purchased on a virtual market place, for example, the upstream energy supply chain is unknown, so such risks cannot be identi˱ed.

The approach outlined above is fully supported by the Chief Executive Of ˱cer of Supply & Energy Management and is also re˳ected in the Energy Vigilance and Procurement Policy. This due diligence policy requires suppliers to continuously monitor and apply strict ESG standards in their own operations and along their own supply chains, in line with ENGIE’s environmental and social policies.

[MDR-P 65a] The Energy Supply Vigilance Policy stipulates that ENGIE’s commitments and requirements must be applied in its own relations with suppliers and all along its own supply chains.

[MDR-P] Energy Supply Vigilance Policy

Scope of application [MDR‑P 65b]

The Energy Vigilance and Procurement Policy applied by Supply & Energy Management (S&EM) covers its energy supply activities. S&EM oversees the majority of ENGIE’s energy supply activities

The S&EM Global Business Unit, with the support and supervision of the S&EM ESG team

Management level responsible for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR‑P 65d]

The ENGIE Group is committed to the United Nations Global Compact, aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Paris Agreement, and ensures that human rights are respected in its operations. ENGIE is also committed to respecting international standards, in particular International Labour Organization standards, and does not tolerate any form of human rights abuse or any violations of integrity

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

The protection of human rights and the environment are integrated into supplier contracts through an ethics clause and/or a speci ˱c ESG clause

[Page 181] Dedicated actions and resources [S2-4 31]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Annual

Implement enhanced ESG due diligence for energy suppliers Exclusion of suppliers not meeting Engie’s environmental or social standards S&EM’ global third‑party energy procurement and management activities (no ENGIE projects)

Annual

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Selection of sourcing solutions with the best environmental and social performance within each product category, based on a harmonized ESG approach

Develop ESG guidelines for every product supplied (shale gas, biomass, biomethane, carbon credits, I-RECs, renewable energy)

S&EM’ global third‑party energy procurement and management activities (no ENGIE projects)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-A 69a, b, c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of its activities. It relies notably on internal resources (OPEX) to drive the implementation of the above action plans, which are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

Strict due diligence [S2-4 32a, 32d, 33a, 33c]

Based on the information provided, the ESG team makes recommendations on whether to continue or terminate (potential) business relationships. To guarantee respect for the required standards across the entire supply chain, contracts include clauses requiring suppliers to monitor and apply these standards in their own operations and supply chains. Suppliers must also make improvements to meet or exceed the expectations of the Group and its customers, as set out in the Group’s Vigilance Plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A dedicated team has been trained on the ground in order to provide due diligence on (complex) energy supply chains. Members of this team are currently operating in Europe, the United States and Singapore, which makes it possible to cover activities on a global scale.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE is committed to continuous improvement and strives to enhance the social and environmental performance of its energy supply chains. The ESG Department periodically reviews any (potential) high ESG risks identi˱ed. High-risk suppliers undergo annual reviews. Other suppliers are reviewed every three years. Risk assessments are documented to ensure that identi˱ed risks are taken into account during discussions with ESG-approved energy suppliers. The results of this review may lead to the implementation of additional corrective measures or the termination of the business relationship.

Contractual terms and conditions

The supply chain due diligence process aims to ensure that ENGIE only works with suppliers sharing its commitments regarding human rights, fundamental freedoms, health & safety and the environment. When the ESG due diligence process reveals that an energy supplier does not disclose its ESG policies (e.g., human rights or health & safety), it is sent an ESG questionnaire to collect additional information. Depending on the information collected, corrective measures may be requested. Such measures may include the inclusion of ESG conditions in the contract or even the termination of the business relationship with the counterparty.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Social and environmental risks are re ˳ected in the conditions contained in the ethical clauses incorporated into contracts. The conditions require suppliers to protect the environment as well as human rights, which prohibit the use of child labor and all forms of forced or compulsory labor. If necessary, other contractual provisions may be required to ensure that environmental and social risks are properly taken into account by suppliers. In each ethics clause, reference is made to the Energy Supply Vigilance Policy in order to cover any potential value chain risks.

For potentially high-risk energy sourcing activities, operational ESG guidelines are drawn up to ensure overall consistency. Guidelines have also been drawn up by activity for biomass, natural gas, I-RECs, biomethane, carbon credits and renewable energies. New guidelines are established as required. ENGIE employees can easily access the due diligence methodology, which the ESG team regularly reviews. The team also uses the relevant applicable standards to support them in their work.

KPIs and data

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE is in the process of de ˱ning metrics to measure the deterioration in the environmental and social quality of alternative supply chain sources from which it has made purchases due to market instability and resource scarcity. These measures will be disclosed as they are de˱ned.

Suppliers can demonstrate their implementation of strict social and environmental performance criteria by providing ESG certi ˱cation issued by an independent body. For speci˱c high-risk activities, such as biomass procurement, ENGIE only accepts biomass with sustainability certi˱cations (PEFC from non-controversial sources, FSC controlled wood, the SBP scheme or any other voluntary scheme recognized by the European Commission under the EU REDII directive). These sustainability schemes also cover potential incidents linked to the human rights of value chain workers.

[Page 182] 3.1.3.5 Affected communities [ESRS S3]

Introduction [SBM-2, SBM-3, S3-1, S3-2, S3-3, S3-4]

[ESRS-2 SBM-2 AR3] ENGIE is committed to respecting internationally recognized human rights and implementing measures to prevent infringements of the rights of stakeholders potentially affected by its activities. The Group also aims to maximize the positive impact of its activities on local communities and populations. Among them, affected communities are of particular importance to the Group’s activities.

[S3-1 16a, 16b] The Group’s engagement with affected communities is based on key international frameworks that de ˱ne human rights principles for undertakings (see Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights). The Group implements a number of different processes to structure its stakeholder engagement: ˱rstly, a mapping process to identify stakeholders, then a process to carry out risk analyses, and ˱nally a process to implement action plans to engage in a fair, open and transparent dialogue that includes listening to the needs, concerns and expectations of these affected communities. This dialogue approach is described in the Group’s Stakeholder Engagement Policy, available at the following address: https:// www.engie.com/sites/default/˱les/assets/documents/2025-02/ ENGIE%20-%20Stakeholder%20Engagement%20Policy.pdf. It includes a speci˱c provision for affected communities, including indigenous peoples and local communities. The Group’s engagement policy and strategy are detailed in this section under “Processes for engaging with affected communities”.

[ESRS-2 SBM-2 AR 4] As a global energy company, ENGIE depends on local institutions and infrastructure. Trust and good relations with local communities and the people who live there are of paramount importance to ENGIE’s activities. The interests, views and rights of affected communities, particularly human rights, are taken into account by the Group, particularly at local level, on a project-by-project basis. To do this, the Group endeavors to regularly assess the potential impact of its activity on communities at every stage of a project and ensures that their expectations are taken into account through dialogue and consultation.

Material IROs [SBM-2, SBM-3]

As part of its double materiality assessment, ENGIE has identi ˱ed IROs grouped into two sub-topics: (i) Dialogue and rights of affected communities (negative impacts and risks) and (ii) Presence in the regions (positive impact).

The table below summarizes these impacts and risks, grouped by sub-topic:

Positive impacts Negative impacts Risks

DIALOGUE AND RIGHTS OF AFFECTED COMMUNITIES

• None • Impacts on communities due to industrial incidents

• Challenges to the license to operate and the risk of project stoppages or legal action being taken by affected communities

• Impact of Group operations on community rights

• Operational, ˱nancial and legal risks

• Impact of upstream value chain activities on communities

PRESENCE IN THE REGIONS

• None • None

• Job creation and contribution to local wealth

The IROs are described in Section 3.1.1.4.2.

The main matters related to the human rights of communities are as follows:

• health of neighboring populations;

Material IROs and their interaction with ENGIE’s strategy and business model

• living conditions of neighboring populations (food, water, housing, culture, access to resources, etc.) and the right to a healthy environment.

[SBM-3 9c] ENGIE’s activities have a positive impact on a large number of people, particularly those living or working in the areas where the Group operates. The Group’s activities have an impact on a local level in terms of employment and contribution to the wealth of the countries in which it operates, which also bene ˱ts members of these local communities.

ENGIE’s activities may present risks of industrial accidents that could cause damage to people, property or the environment, given the various industrial installations operated by the Group on its own behalf or on behalf of customers. Nuclear activities present nuclear safety risks that could have an impact on communities.

In addition, the Group’s activities may present inherent risks of serious harm to the living conditions and the right to a healthy environment of the communities surrounding its sites. During the construction of solar farms, for example, there are possible risks for biodiversity zones, archaeological sites and communities.

Social initiatives are implemented on the basis of needs identi˱ed during consultations with affected communities. These may include, for example, access to energy, measures to improve the quality of life of people living in the vicinity of ENGIE’s projects, directly bene˱ting from infrastructure or community initiatives that promote sustainable local development and access to clean energy, collaborative agreements with local groups as part of reforestation programs, measures to preserve a region’s water reserves, or workshops and discussions to raise awareness of various initiatives organized with local residents, schools and universities.

These impacts are related to individual incidents in the Group’s own operations or could be related to a speci ˱c business relationship. ENGIE also takes into account the impacts on affected communities that may arise from the energy transition.

[SBM-3 9b] ENGIE’s activities can nevertheless have negative impacts on communities, particularly those living in the vicinity of its projects or industrial sites.

[Page 183] Impacts on communities may also stem from environmental matters such as:

• climate change as a result of investments in renewable energy projects that may affect the lands, territories and natural resources of the communities;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• pollution emitted by an industrial site, for example, which may affect the health of the communities;

[SBM-3 9d] These negative impacts present risks of various kinds for the Group, including operational, ˱nancial and legal risks. The Group’s projects could therefore be called into question and forced to be put on hold or canceled in the event of a con˳ict due to inadequate stakeholder consultation, or a lack of acceptance of the project leading to a loss of stakeholder commitment. [SBM-3 11] These risks concern all affected communities, without distinguishing any speci ˱c group.

• water sources due to the possibility of negatively impacting the access to clean drinking water of communities when withdrawing water in water stressed areas;

[SBM-3 9] All communities likely to be materially impacted by the Group, particularly through its activities, are included in the scope of its disclosure.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• biodiversity and ecosystems due to the impacts of industrial activities that could harm the environment of communities or compromise the quality of life of their inhabitants;

• resource use and circular economy, through poor management of hazardous waste, for example, which can negatively impact the health of communities.

[SBM-3 9a] Communities likely to be affected by the Group are groups of people living or working in areas where the Group’s operating sites, facilities or other physical operations are located, as well as those involved in certain activities upstream of the Group’s supply chains and who are affected or likely to be affected by these operations. More remote communities may also potentially be affected by activities at those sites (for example by downstream water pollution).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Geographic areas and main activities concerned according to types of community (the Group’s own operations)

Residents (urban, rural and agricultural communities)

• All geographic areas Networks (distribution, gas storage), production units (nuclear power plants, gas, biomethane), renewable energies (wind, solar, dams), battery storage

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• United States, Canada: Native American lands, traditional territory of the First Nations (indigenous lands)

Vulnerable communities (indigenous peoples, ethnic minorities)

Infrastructure (gas and/or electricity transport and distribution), renewable energies (wind, solar, dams), hydrogen production, battery storage

• Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Peru: indigenous, quilombola or traditional communities in Brazil, indigenous peoples of Calama or the Antofagasta region in Chile, Mapuche community in Chile, indigenous communities in the states of Yucatán and Campeche in Mexico, etc.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• North Africa, Southeast Asia, Australia: indigenous peoples; Saudi Arabia (indigenous peoples, nomadic peoples), French Polynesia and New Caledonia (indigenous and tribal peoples)

• France, Europe, Brazil

• All farming areas

Renewable energies (offshore wind and dams for ˱shing, wind and solar power for farming)

Neighboring communities ( ˱shermen, farmers, hunters, etc.)

• All geographic areas Any activity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Human rights defenders

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group also pays particular attention to countries or areas considered to be “high-risk” in terms of human rights, such as con˳ict zones, should the Group conduct operations in these areas, by identifying and taking into account the speci˱c risks for potentially affected communities in these areas and putting in place an action plan to manage the risks identi˱ed.

[SBM-3 10] Careful attention is paid to more vulnerable communities, such as indigenous peoples, and to the most vulnerable people within communities, by adapting action plans to the risks identi ˱ed and implementing measures in proportion to the vulnerability of the communities. To this end, ENGIE refers to international treaties concerning the situation of women, children, indigenous peoples, minorities and persons with disabilities.

[Page 184] Overall strategy

Policy in place [S3-1]

[S3-1 14] Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights describes the Group’s general approach to upholding human rights, and presents the Group’s Human Rights Vigilance Policy, which applies to all communities when managing material impacts and risks.

The Group also relies on various cross-functional or issuespeci ˱c policies, such as its Stakeholder Engagement Policy.

today’s challenges. The Group has therefore put in place a Stakeholder Engagement Policy deployed through internal tools for use by its operating entities. The policy is available at: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/202502/ENGIE%20-%20Stakeholder%20Engagement%20Policy.pdf. These tools are based on current international standards such as ISO 26000 and AA1000. The engagement of affected communities must therefore be guaranteed throughout project life cycles. [S3-2 21a] On a project-by-project basis and depending on the identi ˱ed risks, a strategy and an engagement plan are de˱ned in order to gather the views of the affected communities. [S3‑2 21b] The frequency of interaction is speci ˱c to each project, and discussions take place as close to the area as possible, generally in the form of public meetings. [S3-2 21c] Business developers or site managers are responsible for setting up dialogue with affected communities, under the responsibility of Country Managers.

[S3-1 16a, S3-2 23] ENGIE’s commitment to respect human rights of affected communities is set out in its Human Rights Vigilance Policy. The Group is particularly attentive to the impact of its activities on local communities’ right to health and a healthy environment, as well as on their ownership rights, their right to an adequate standard of living (including water, food and housing) and their access to natural resources. In situations of displacement of populations, it ensures that international principles are respected, and in particular that displaced communities have given their free, prior, and informed consent, as well as their agreement to fair and adequate compensation.

[S3-2 21d] Each year, each operating activity or site assesses its level of stakeholder engagement based on the Group-wide reference system. This self-assessment reference system is based on the AA1000 standard for stakeholder management developed by the NGO AccountAbility, an internationally recognized institution in the ˱eld of sustainability.

The engagement process detailed in this framework consists of several speci˱c stages, each designed to ensure effective engagement with stakeholders (structured, transparent and bene˱cial for all parties involved).

[S3-1 15, S3-2 23] ENGIE speci ˱cally takes into account the situations of indigenous peoples and is committed to respecting their rights as de˱ned in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and ILO Convention No. 169 on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples.

[S3-1 16c] A stakeholder engagement plan is drawn up in accordance with the Stakeholder Engagement Policy, setting out the actions to be taken, in consultation with stakeholders, to enable remedy for potential negative impacts on communities. ENGIE’s aim is to cover all its industrial activities by 2030 (see “Targets” in this section).

Data from operating sites is compiled by the Group’s ESG Department, which proposes a standard methodology for structuring stakeholder engagement, responding to the evaluation of the reference system and enabling data to be aggregated at Group level. This method contributes to the calculation of the metric linked to the target of having 100% of activities covered by stakeholder engagement.

[S3-2 22] The strategy and engagement plan are de ˱ned to gain insight into the speci˱c nature of the affected communities, especially where they are particularly vulnerable.

• Example in France: an inclusive action with local residents for a district heating network project

In France, as part of a district heating network project, the Mans Nord ENR’gie subsidiary has launched a crowdfunding campaign open primarily to local residents. The future network will serve several districts in Le Mans and Coulaines, and will be interconnected with the existing southern network, thereby pooling resources and providing the network with an additional 10% of renewable energy. Powered entirely by local and renewable energies, it will produce 136 GWh per year and help avoid 700,000 metric tons of CO₂ emissions over 26 years.

[S3-1 17] The Group’s policies are based on international standards for the protection of human rights, which it is committed to respecting as a minimum, regardless of local legislation. In particular, these policies are based on internationally recognized standards relevant to communities and indigenous peoples speci ˱cally, including the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. Further information can be found in Section 3.1.3.1. In April 2023, a complaint was lodged by NGOs with the OECD’s Dutch National Contact Point against ENGIE and other companies, alleging that the companies had failed to meet the standards expected of them by the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises in relation to serious acts alleged to have taken place in certain production areas of the Group’s former coal suppliers in Colombia. ENGIE has cooperated fully in this investigation. In 2024, the plaintiffs decided to withdraw the complaint against ENGIE. In 2025, no instances were reported of nonrespect of (i) the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, (ii) the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or (iii) the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.

Processes for engaging with affected communities [S3-2]

Investors who contribute between €20 and €10,000 to the project can earn interest at a rate of 7% (7.5% for Le Mans residents) and take practical action for the energy transition in their region while reducing the carbon footprint of their savings. The project’s local roots are strengthened by a social inclusion program of 65,000 hours and an innovative partnership with Solenat, a body that brings together 50 local farmers. This partnership allows the offset of 2,000 metric tons of residual CO₂ emissions per year via the Carbon Agri and Carbocage programs, while ensuring the management of 200 km of hedgerows every ˱ve years. The campaign was a great success and was fully subscribed in the amount of €500,000.

[S3-2 21] The Group’s interaction processes with stakeholders are not only a means of better understanding their expectations and reducing legal and reputational risks, but also of better integrating into the local community. Faced with growing societal challenges, the ENGIE Group decided to draw up principles applicable to its relations with stakeholders, and to roll out a range of resources designed to keep pace with the changing context in which it operates and to meet

[Page 185] Processes to remedy negative impacts and channels for affected communities to raise concerns [S3-3]

The contribution of Country Sustainability Of ˱cers, Local Societal Of˱cers, Business Developers, site managers and ESG Department teams at corporate level is also highlighted.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In certain situations, ENGIE calls on external experts in human rights and affected communities, for example, to conduct a human rights impact assessment and undertake engagement with stakeholders.

[S3-3 27a] All information relating to the Group’s Whistleblowing System, the processes for providing remedy where it has identi ˱ed that it has caused a negative impact on affected communities, how the Group assesses that the remedy provided is effective and the adoption of policies to protect individuals who use these systems against retaliation are set out in Section 3.1.4.1.5.

Dialogue and rights of affected communities [S3-4, S3-5]

[S3-3 27b] At local level, and depending on the risks identi ˱ed, the entities also put in place appropriate mechanisms at operational level for affected communities to raise their concerns.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S3-3 27c] The entities have also been asked to inform external stakeholders about the existence of local and Grouplevel grievance mechanisms, including through engagement with stakeholders.

Resources and governance [S3-4]

[S3-4 32a, 32b] The overall approach regarding the Group’s actions to prevent or mitigate material negative impacts on affected communities is described in Section 3.1.3.1 and under “Policy in place” in this section. The measures in place to ensure industrial safety and nuclear safety are described in Section 3.1.4.3.3 Industrial safety. Community impacts that may result from environmental impacts are managed through processes set out in Section 3.1.2 Environmental information. The implementation of ESG policies and environmental studies including compensatory, mitigation and environmental authorization measures required for all activities also helps to manage community risks.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S3-4 38] With regard to the resources allocated to the management of its material impacts, the Human Rights Vigilance Policy sets out the processes, at both Group and entity levels, to ensure that risks are managed, and details the internal functions responsible for implementing them.

For example, the Group’s activities may occasionally lead to air, water or soil pollution incidents. In this case, crisis procedures are triggered to remedy the negative impacts, analyze the origin of the incident and implement corrective actions. In the case of negative impacts linked to changes in the business, such as restructuring and plant closures, support measures are put in place to ensure a resilient transition for the area and therefore for the affected communities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-A 68d, 68e, 69a] Each GBU and entity ensures that the Group’s human rights commitments are upheld within its sphere of activity. The Human Rights Vigilance Policy is implemented within the GBU and entities by the legal and ethics teams and other relevant departments (see Section 3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct).

Actions [S3-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Annual

Contribution to achieving vigilance policy objectives

Implement the Group’s Vigilance Plan (human rights, ESG, health & safety, security, procurement)

Activities of the Group, its controlled companies and its subcontractors or suppliers with which it has established business relationships

Identi ˱cation, prevention and management of negative impacts on affected communities, ensuring that any human rights incidents were dealt with appropriately

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A stakeholder engagement plan for each industrial activity All Group activities Annual

Implement stakeholder engagement plans integrating principles, methodologies and actions to be taken in consultation with them

All Group activities Annual

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Implement remediation plans by operational teams based on identi˱ed risks

Appropriate measures taken to support the affected communities in cooperation with the relevant authorities in the event of an impact

The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of the activities to implement the action plans mentioned above. However, given the nature of these expenses, they are considered as having no signi˱cant ˱nancial impact.

[Page 186] [S3-4 32c] Initiatives with the purpose of delivering positive impacts for affected communities are taken at local level, where appropriate, in line with projects and local needs.

Some examples illustrating actions taken to prevent, mitigate or remedy negative impacts on affected communities (see Section 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities), are presented below:

• Example in South Africa: an educational initiative for local communities

[S3-4 32d] ENGIE has set a target dedicated to stakeholder engagement to be met by 2030 through the gradual rollout of societal plans for all its industrial activities. This target ensures the deployment of the Group-wide stakeholder engagement approach, and is reviewed annually by the Executive Committee. The absence of controversy at these sites is a testament to the effectiveness of the measures implemented. [MDR-A 68e] The change in 2025 is due to the strong mobilization of the Country Sustainability Of ˱cer teams in connection with structuring the ESG sector.

As part of its commitment to socio-economic development, Xina Solar One has launched the Climate Change Warriors program in the Pofadder region of the Northern Cape. The program bene ˱ted 535 young people in 2025. This initiative aims to provide young people from four rural communities (Pofadder, Pella, Onseepkans and Witbank) with practical, certi˱ed training in renewable energy, particularly solar power.

[S3-4 33a] Each GBU and entity is asked to ensure that the Group’s human rights commitments are respected within the scope of their activities, and in particular to assess the risk of violating a community’s human rights (see Section 3.1.4.1.2 Ethical risk assessment), and to implement appropriate action plans for any risks identi ˱ed.

The program addresses a major challenge: many high school graduates lack the ˱nancial means to access higher education. Through technical training in solar ˱eld maintenance, environmental management and the operation of heavy equipment, as well as the development of cross-cutting skills such as leadership, communication and critical thinking, participants acquire genuine employability and greater self-con˱dence.

[S3-4 33b] In situations of displacement of peoples, the Group ensures compliance with international principles, and in particular that displaced communities have given their free, prior and informed consent, as well as their agreement to fair and adequate compensation. To this end, the Group undertakes to regularly assess the potential impact of its activity on communities at every project stage and ensures that their expectations are taken into account through dialogue and consultation.

The community impact is signi˱cant: the young people trained become climate-aware agents of change capable of contributing to the sustainable management of local resources (water, waste, erosion control). The program also promotes social inclusion and civic engagement, while supporting South Africa’s transition to low-carbon energy.

Collaboration between Xina Solar One, the Africa Skills training center and local communities ensures the project’s sustainability and adaptability. Rotations in different departments (operations, environment, maintenance) allow young people to discover the diversity of solarrelated professions and consider ambitious career paths.

• Example in Brazil: a health initiative for vulnerable populations

[S3-4 33c] At local level, the operational teams must monitor the effectiveness of their action plans. This monitoring and assessment of the effectiveness of actions can be carried out through internal or external audits, impact analyses, measurement systems, stakeholder feedback, complaints mechanisms and external performance ratings. The entities report to the Group identi ˱ed risks and actions that go beyond those related to local communities, via comprehensive processes that include the annual human rights risk assessment and the whistleblowing and reporting mechanism. For example, ENGIE also monitors the implementation of societal plans. This involves data collection, performance assessment and giving feedback to stakeholders. In this way, ENGIE ensures that it makes a positive contribution to its communities. [S3‑4 35] Additionally, the processes for managing material risks related to affected communities are integrated into the company’s existing risk management processes. [S3‑4 38] Details of the resources allocated to managing material impacts are set out in this section under “Resources and governance”.

In October 2025, ENGIE Brasil Energia conducted a major social initiative by providing free oral health care to local populations near its wind farms, via the Umburanas and Campo Largo I and II wind farms in the municipalities of Umburanas and Sento Sé in the state of Bahia. The program aims to improve access to care in isolated rural areas with limited access to medical services, providing both prevention and restorative surgery. The initiative, known as Odontovan, was carried out in partnership with the Instituto Água Viva (IAV) and reached 300 people.

[S3-4 36] No severe human rights issues or incidents connected to affected communities were reported in 2025.

In Umburanas, ENGIE Brasil Energia has also partnered with NGO Renovatio to conduct an initiative aimed at improving visual health in vulnerable communities. The program offers free ophthalmological consultations and corrective glasses, contributing to the social inclusion and improved quality of life of bene ˱ciaries. Conducted with the OneSight Foundation, the program served more than 2,000 people. It followed previous ones in Sento Sé, Lajes, Pedro Avelino and Porto Alegre in 2024.

Targets [S3-5]

Nature and description of target 2024 reporting 2025 reporting 2030 target

Proportion of industrial activities with a stakeholder engagement plan for consultation with local stakeholders 54% 85% 100%

[MDR-T 80b] This target ensures that the Group’s stakeholder engagement approach is deployed throughout the Group. [MDR‑T 80h, 80c, 80e] All Group activities are covered by this target, which is monitored annually.

[Page 187] Presence in the regions [S3-4, S3-5]

Actions [S3-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

2024 (non‑annual)

Carry out a study of the Group’s worldwide socio-economic footprint in 2023/2024, following a ˱rst edition published in 2019

Measure the Group’s contribution to local economic and social development for the bene˱t of populations and communities

Countries where the Group owns assets or operates

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This study was carried out based on 2022 data for all the Group’s activities, i.e., renewable energies, networks, energy solutions, energy production and retail and other activities. The study covers countries where the Group holds assets or operates. It is available at: https://www.engie.com/en/group/ social-responsibility/csr-social-and-societal-commitment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The study presents the number of jobs supported worldwide and the wealth created in terms of contribution to gross domestic product in each country. Based on 2022 data, ENGIE thus supports over 2.2 million jobs worldwide, i.e., a multiplier coef˱cient of 23.3 in relation to direct employment, and has generated over €125 billion in GDP, i.e., a multiplier coef˱cient of 6.2 in relation to the Group’s direct expenditure (purchases, taxes, salaries). A new study is set to be conducted in the coming years.

The Local Footprint® model used by Utopies to carry out this study is based on a sector-speci˱c breakdown of 380 economic sectors put together using dozens of up-to-date national and international statistical sources, guaranteeing the model’s robustness and in line with a methodology duly approved by international auditing ˱rms.

3.1.3.6 Consumers and end-users [ESRS S4]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Introduction [SBM-2, SBM-3, S4-1, S4-3]

The information exchange mechanism is described under “Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users”.

Material IROs [SBM-2, SBM-3]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[SBM-2, 8] Consumers and end-users, as well as their representatives (consumer associations, energy ombudsmen, etc.), are identi ˱ed as two of the eight categories of stakeholders with which ENGIE regularly engages (see Section 3.1.1.2.3 Stakeholder involvement). This permanent dialogue informs the Group’s strategy and is fundamental to understanding needs, expectations and risks in each country where it operates.

[SBM-3 9a, b] ENGIE’s double materiality assessment identi ˱ed two positive impacts, one negative impact, one risk and one opportunity with regard to consumers and end-users. These ˱ve impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) apply to two material sub-topics: (i) just transition (positive impacts, risk and opportunity) and (ii) personal data protection (negative impact), which are dealt with in two separate parts of this section.

The table below shows the IROs by sustainability sub-topic:

Positive impacts Negative impacts Risks Opportunities

SUB-TOPIC 1: JUST TRANSITION

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Enable consumers and end-users to consume better

• Regulatory caps on energy prices

• Develop new services and offerings aligned with consumer and end-user needs and expectations

• Enable consumers and end-users to consume less

SUB-TOPIC 2: PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Violation of con ˱dentiality and security in the processing of personal information and data

[Page 188] All IROs are described in Section 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities.

[SBM-3 10d] Energy sales activities present a ˱nancial risk for the Group: governments may implement mechanisms to stabilize, cushion or freeze supply prices to safeguard consumers against sharp increases in energy prices. The ˱nancial risk associated with reduced margins, or even the failure to cover costs, could be considerable in the absence of any government compensation measures. It is monitored and analyzed as part of the Group’s overall risk management policy (see Section 2.2.1 Political and regulatory risks).

[SBM-3 10a] Customers in the downstream value chain are purchasers of the energy produced and end-consumers of energy (see Section 3.1.1.2.2 The value chain). This section deals only with consumers and end-users, i.e., direct residential customers ( ˱rst tier of the value chain) who buy the Company’s products and services for personal use. ENGIE has a portfolio of 19.1 million energy contracts (gas and electricity) in seven countries (Australia, Belgium, France, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands and Romania).

[SBM-3 12] Finally, ENGIE’s commitment to making the energy transition simple, affordable and desirable for all consumers and end-users represents a growth opportunity for the Group through the ongoing development of integrated offers and solutions.

[SBM-3 10aii] These products and services potentially negatively affect the privacy and personal data protection rights of consumers and end-users (negative impact).

Policies and overall strategy [S4-1]

[S4-1 15] Section 3.1.3.1 describes the Group’s overall approach to human rights and, in particular, its universally applicable Human Rights Vigilance Policy. The approach is supplemented by cross-functional Group policies that ensure the effective management of positive and negative impacts, as well as risks and opportunities, including:

• ESG policies (in particular the Just Transition Policy and Stakeholder Engagement Policy);

• Personal Data Protection Policy.

[SBM-3 10b, 10bii, SBM-3 11] Marketing these products and services requires collecting and processing personal data for customer relationship management purposes (contracting, billing, complaint handling, energy consumption tracking, etc.). Consequently, all consumers and end-users, without distinction of characteristics or usage of speci ˱c products and services, are affected or likely to be affected by negative impacts arising from any speci˱c incident compromising the security of personal data (con˱dentiality, integrity, availability) and compliance with regulatory principles (retention period limits, rights of opposition, access and recti˱cation, deletion, etc.).

These cross-functional policies bene ˱t consumers and endusers.

[MDR-P 65a]

• The premise of the Just Transition Policy is that the shift to a lower-carbon economy must take place in a way that is fair to all stakeholders. Its application to consumers and end-users covers the two positive impacts identi ˱ed by the Group – consuming less and consuming better. It is described in Section 3.1.3.1.

[SBM-3 10c] The supply of energy and related services has a positive impact on all consumers and end-users. ENGIE aims to be a trusted partner for its customers by guaranteeing access to decarbonized, reliable and affordable energy. Its range of green energy offers (electricity and gas) and related services enables consumers and end-users to consume better by reducing their environmental impact, and less, by encouraging them to be more energy-conscious and actively involved in their own energy transition. This approach forms part of the Group’s Climate Strategy (see Section 3.1.2 Environmental information).

• The Stakeholder Engagement Policy commits the Group to open and transparent dialogue with all its stakeholders, including customers, to discuss needs, concerns and expectations (see Section 3.1.1.2.3). It sets out the framework for managing both the regulatory risk arising from government intervention in energy supply prices and the opportunity to develop new offerings.

[Page 189] The Personal Data Protection Policy commits ENGIE to protecting the personal data and privacy of its employees, customers, partners, service providers, subcontractors and suppliers in the course of its day-to-day activities. It is applied within the operating entities in charge of consumers and end-users, and covers the one negative impact identi ˱ed.

[MDR-P] Personal Data Protection Policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This policy applies to all Group activities

Scope of application [MDR‑P 65b]

The Group Data Privacy Manager and the Data Privacy Manager in each country are responsible for implementing the policy

Management level responsible for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

• EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• National data protection regulations

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR‑P 65d]

This policy is public and available on the Group’s website:

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

https://www.engie.com/en/group/ethic-and-compliance/data-protection-and-privacy/group-dataprivacy-policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consigliato” (Recommended Provider) by its customers for its superior customer service, clarity of offers, transparency of billing and effective complaint management;

[S4-1 16a, b, c] Compliance with the Group’s strategic human rights commitments, including the general approach, interaction with consumers and end-users, and measures to remedy negative impacts, are covered in the section “Procedures to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise concerns” below.

• with consumer associations regarding consumer protection measures, and with energy ombudsmen during annual reviews to analyze litigation trends and developments;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• with regulators, in response to public consultations (price updates, distribution service levels, consumer aid mechanisms, etc.) or regulatory disclosure requirements;

• with supervising government departments during the drafting of legislative proposals or as needed on speci ˱c issues (e.g., transposition of European directives).

[S4-1 17] The alignment of ENGIE’s policies with applicable internationally recognized standards is detailed in Section 3.1.3.1. No cases of non-compliance with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises involving consumers and end-users were reported in 2024 and 2025.

Just transition sub-topic [S4-1, S4-2, S4-4, S4-5]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Process of interaction with consumers and end-users [S4-2]

[S4-2 20c] Responsibility for interacting with consumers and end-users is delegated to the operating entities that manage product and service marketing; relations with government departments and regulators are entrusted to Public and Institutional Affairs teams in each country, supported by the expertise of operational units. Each country has its own organizational structure to manage and monitor these relations.

[S4-2 20a] Interactions relating to the positive impacts of the just transition take place with (i) customers directly, (ii) their legitimate representatives, such as consumer associations and energy ombudsmen, and (iii) the authorities in charge of energy programming and regulatory matters (ministries, regulators, etc.).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S4-2 20b] The type and frequency of interactions are tailored to the speci ˱c needs of the contact:

[S4-20 d] These interaction processes provide the framework for substantive initiatives, such as de ˱ning the Natural Gas Reference Selling Price (PRVG) in France or evolving Regulated Electricity Sales Tariffs (TRVE) with the French energy regulator (CRE), and lobbying for the development of green gas (Biogas Production Certi˱cates in France, green gas injection mandates in the Netherlands, and the establishment of the biomethane sector and government programs for hybrid heat pump/boiler solutions in Romania).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S4-2 21] ENGIE demonstrates its commitment to energy affordability through support initiatives for people facing energy poverty. For example, in France, the Group granted its Chèque Énergie (Energy Check) bene ˱ciaries – approximately 700,000 households – an additional €50 discount (including VAT) in 2025, and doubled its contribution to the Housing Solidarity Fund, bringing its ˱nancial commitment to €12 million (contribution of €6 million in 2024). The Group also maintains regular contact with agencies that assist vulnerable customers. These exchanges facilitate the development of tailored services.

• with consumers and end-users, interactions may be daily (telephone, digital channels, etc.) or periodic (monthly satisfaction or marketing surveys, panels for testing new offers, etc.). In 2025, ENGIE was voted “Customer Service of the Year” in the “Energy Supplier” category for residential customers in France. This rewards ENGIE’s untiring efforts to provide practical and sustainable solutions to help customers optimize their energy consumption. In Australia, in 2025, ENGIE received its ˱rst-ever Canstar Energy Award in South Australia for the quality of its offers and digital tools, which allow customers to monitor solar production and consumption. Finally, in Italy, ENGIE received the “Top Qualita-Prezzo 2025” label for the exceptional value-for-money of its energy products, highlighting their competitiveness in the Italian market. Additionally, in September 2025, ENGIE Italia was named “Provider

[Page 190] Actions [S4-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Recurring annual action

Develop green offers (gas and electricity) to support a just and affordable transition

The development of green offers concerns seven countries (Australia, Belgium, France, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, Romania)

Contribute to the Group’s goal of reducing carbon emissions and achieving carbon neutrality and ENGIE’s Net Zero 2045 pathway, in line with the global objective of carbon neutrality

Recurring annual action

The development of these services concerns seven countries (Australia, Belgium, France, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, Romania)

Continue to develop energy management services Empower customers in their own energy transition through active consumption management

[S4-4 30] To accelerate the energy transition and make it simple, affordable and desirable, ENGIE rolls out integrated offers and solutions to help consumers and end-users consume less energy (energy sobriety and ef ˱ciency), better energy (green energy) and energy at the optimal time (˳exibility), all while reducing their carbon footprint.

[MDR-A 68 e] This diverse range of offerings includes:

• energy-saving and energy renovation advice is available in each country on the websites (https://particuliers.engie.fr/ economies-energie.html in France); specialized services (such as the free “Mon Rendez-vous ENGIE”) provide personalized energy audits and associated recommendations. In Australia, a customer journey has been designed to guide consumers through investments in technologies such as solar panels and residential battery storage (https://engie.com.au/residential/ energy-ef ˱ciency/engie-smart-energy-hub).

• green electricity and green gas offerings to decarbonize energy consumption (in France, the “Référence” gas offer contains 5% biomethane and customers can opt for up to 100% with the “Gaz vert +” option; in the Netherlands, ENGIE has included 1% biomethane in all new gas contracts since January 1, 2025, anticipating the 2027 biomethane mandate);

ENGIE provides practical assistance to low-income customers on a daily basis. Dedicated teams coordinate with social workers and consumer advocates to provide a suite of tailored solutions including speci˱c tools, web portals, dedicated helplines, monitoring systems and collaborative energy management initiatives with local municipalities.

• services to better understand and improve energy consumption, including:

[MDR-A 69c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of its activities. It relies notably on internal resources (OPEX) to drive the implementation of the above action plans, which are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

• digital tools (apps) to monitor and control consumption (in France, Ma Conso+; in Belgium, Smart App and Energy Monitor; in Australia, Energy Tracker; and in the Netherlands, the Slim Laden app to schedule EV charging during peak renewable availability or via personal solar panels,

• challenges to reduce energy consumption (Ecodé ˱s in France and the Reduce & Reward program in Australia that allows customers to receive a credit on their bill in exchange for reducing their electricity consumption),

• a French program that rewards customers who consume better and less (Mon Programme pour Agir),

• incentive-based price structures to shift consumption to speci ˱c time slots when electricity is:

[S4-4 33a] The Group has set up a risk management system to assess risk exposure and ensure that risk mitigation plans are implemented (see Section 2.1.1 Enterprise risk management policy). Government intervention leading to a possible regulatory cap on energy supply prices has been identi ˱ed as a risk factor (see Section 2.2.1.1), which the Group seeks to mitigate through dialogue with governments and national regulators. In addition, the Group closely monitors regulatory and legislative developments in its host countries to better anticipate emerging trends and act to reduce any negative impacts on the pro˱tability of its businesses.

– low-cost, to optimize charging for electric vehicles and home batteries or to operate heat pumps (e.g., the Empower Flextime offer in Belgium, featuring “super offpeak” hours that are 45% cheaper than peak rates),

[S4-4 33b] Regular stakeholder engagement serves as a source of innovation for developing new offers.

– highly decarbonized (e.g., the “Happy Heures Vertes” offer in France, providing 2 free hours of electricity in the afternoon when renewable production is at its peak);

[S4-4 35] No serious human rights issues or incidents involving consumers and end-users were reported in 2024 and 2025.

[Page 191] Resources and governance [S4-4]

[S4-4 37] All employees in charge of supplying energy and services to consumers and end-users constitute the resources allocated to the management of positive material impacts associated with the just transition.

KPIs and targets [S4-5]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-T 80 B, E], [MDR-T 80D], [MDR-T 80C]

2024 reporting

Nature and description of target

2025 reporting 2030 target Target scope Corresponding IROs

(baseline value)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Percentage of green electricity contracts in total electricity contracts (average in Europe)*

Enable consumers and end-users to consume better

89.5% 95.1% [90-95%] Consumers and end-users in the following countries: Belgium, France, Italy, the Netherlands and Romania

* Target set based on the de ˶nition of green electricity contracts within the meaning of current European regulations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S4-2 20d] Interactions with consumers, end-users and their representatives provide opportunities for identifying processrelated levers for improvement; similarly, data breach incidents handled in cooperation with the authorities provide opportunities for discussing possible preventive actions.

[MDR-T 79c] ENGIE's ambition to accelerate the energy transition is re ˳ected in the supply of increasing quantities of green electricity to its customers through innovative, simple and accessible offers. In 2025, three European countries had a portfolio of 100% green electricity contracts, and the greening of other portfolios has continued apace.

[S4-2 21] The views of consumers and end-users are gathered in the same way without distinction.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Processes to remedy negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise concerns [S4-3]

[MDR-T 80a] This target meets the objectives of the just transition as described in the corresponding policy. [MDR–T 80f] The Group relies on a centralized reporting system that gathers the number of on green electricity contracts supplied by each country. [41 a, b, c] The Group did not directly involve consumers and end-users or their legitimate representatives in the process of drawing up targets.

Personal data protection sub-topic [S4‑1, S4-2, S4-3, S4-4, S4-5]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Process of interaction with consumers and end-users [S4-2]

[S4-3 25a] The Group’s Whistleblowing System, its procedures for taking corrective action when negative impacts on people occur, the way it assesses the effectiveness of actions taken and the policies in place to protect people who submit reports against retaliation are all described in Section 3.1.4.1.5. Grievance mechanisms for consumers and end-users are set up in each country in compliance with local regulations issued by regulators and/or ombudsmen.

[S4-2 20a] As part of the process of interacting with consumers and end-users about the negative impacts associated with personal data protection, ENGIE is required to interact with: (i) customers who are directly impacted and (ii) the external body responsible for ensuring compliance with the regulations in force in each country (e.g., in France, the French National Commission on Information Technology and Liberty (CNIL)).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S4-2 20b] The interaction process varies depending on the dialogue partner and the situation:

[S4-3 25b] The operating entities have special channels in place that enable consumers and end-users to report concerns (customer relations telephone numbers, dedicated email addresses that refer directly to the Data Privacy Of ˱cers (DPO) or the competent authorities. Users have access to a web portal at the Group level (https://engiegbs.servicenow.com/gdpr_portal?id=gdpr_home), where they can report potential data breaches.

[S4-3 25c] The entities are required to inform stakeholders (business partners, etc.) about the Group’s whistleblowing systems and/or the local channels for reporting negative impacts that have been set up for consumers and end-users.

• customers can contact ENGIE to report a data breach incident, either by telephone or via a dedicated mailbox. Conversely, if ENGIE detects an incident that is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of customers, the latter are noti ˱ed by email or post;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[S4-3 25d] ENGIE monitors the volume of incident reports processed internally (sent directly to ENGIE) and externally (sent to the competent authority).

• if the breach is severe, ENGIE will report the incident within a speci ˱ed timeframe (depending on local regulations) to the competent authority, using a noti˱cation form devised by the latter.

[S4-2 20c] Oversight of ethics and compliance within the Group is described in Section 3.1.4.1.1. It also applies to the subject of data protection.

[S4-3 26] A reminder of the channels is posted on the country websites. The Group’s overall policy for protecting users against retaliation is described in Section 3.1.4.1.5 Whistleblowing and reporting of ethics incidents – Handling ethics incidents.

[Page 192] Actions [S4-4]

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Recurring annual action

Pursue the application of the Group’s customer personal data protection policy

Enhanced protection, con ˱dentiality and security of our customers’ personal data Personal data protection covers seven countries (Australia, Belgium, France, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands and Romania)

• employee awareness-raising initiatives regarding the con ˱dential and ethical use of personal data through specialized training and information kits; in 2025, in France, an e‑learning module focusing on international data transfers was developed for data management personnel, and Information Systems Department employees received targeted data protection training.

Signi˱cant progress was recorded in terms of technical implementation in the following areas in 2025:

[S4-4 30] The Group’s risk analysis approach covers data privacy risk (see Section 3.1.4.1.2 Ethical risk assessment) and, more speci ˱cally, personal data breach risk and the risk of non-compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other local regulations applicable to personal data protection (e.g., Consumer Data Right in Australia and Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de Los Particulares in Mexico). The speci ˱c policy and procedures for ethical risk assessment that the Group established in 2019 are being applied to consumers and end‑users.

• enhanced anomaly detection through the deployment of advanced monitoring tools to rapidly identify suspicious behavior and potential incidents;

• improved crisis management capabilities through increased crisis simulation drill frequency;

[MDR-A 69c] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of its activities. It relies notably on internal resources (OPEX) to drive the implementation of the above action plans, which are considered to have a non-material ˱nancial impact.

• consolidation of existing measures: intensi ˱cation of internal and external audits, conduct of more rigorous penetration testing and reinforcement of identity and access management to ensure strict control of access to sensitive data.

[S4-4 31a] ENGIE implements extensive organizational and technical actions to prevent, mitigate or remediate negative impacts. The overarching goal is to ensure transparency in personal data practices and empower customers to maintain control over the data entrusted to the Group.

These initiatives are designed to increase the Group’s resilience and ensure optimal protection of critical information;

• communication of tips and best practice to customers to help them thwart phishing attempts.

As part of its annual risk management process, each entity carries out a data protection risk assessment, which is subsequently consolidated at the Group level. Internal and external control audits complement this process, evaluating the effective implementation of policies and de ˱ning improvement actions as necessary.

[S4-4 31d] To track the effectiveness of actions taken, an internal control procedure exists for ensuring that personal data management complies with privacy rules, with the implementation of external and internal audits and, if necessary, the de ˱nition of actions for improvement.

[S4-4 32a] A procedure for handling data breaches has been developed to help operational teams take necessary and appropriate action in the event of a negative impact on consumers and end-users, in line with legal and transparency requirements.

In terms of organization, designation of a Data Protection Of˱cer (DPO) at the level of each Group company and a Data Privacy Manager (DPM) within each organization responsible for the implementation and proper application of the Personal Data Protection Policy in their area of activity. At European level, there is a Data Privacy Management System (DPMS) designed to measure the compliance of activities with the policy and regulations.

[MDR-A 68 e] Several actions contribute to the management of data protection risk:

• systematic integration of data protection from the project design phase (Privacy by Design);

[S4-4 32b] Steps for handling a data breach: (i) identify, classify and qualify the incident, (ii) notify the appropriate parties (authorities, customers), (iii) contain the incident to prevent further damage and ˱x and eliminate the incident to allow the return to normal operations. Multi-disciplinary teams (sales, IT, legal, communications, etc.) are then assembled to manage the incident.

[S4-32 c] After a data breach has occurred, a report is drawn up to identify the causes of the incident, evaluate the success of its containment, remedy and eliminate the threat and improve processes to mitigate vulnerabilities.

• involvement of subcontractors, whose contracts incorporate data usage rules; these partners undertake to comply with the same obligations as ENGIE itself. For instance, in 2025, the Group increased its contractual requirements in France by requiring Customer Relationship Centers (CRCs) outside Europe to conduct a Data Transfer Impact Assessment (DTIA). This ensures that data receives the same level of protection as that provided by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This assessment is based on a guide published by the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) that provides a robust methodology to identify all necessary compliance steps;

[Page 193] KPIs and targets [S4-5]

[S4-4 34] The preventive/corrective actions described above were established by ENGIE to avoid causing or exacerbating negative impacts on consumers and end-users.

Resources and governance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-T 81a)] The Group has not de ˱ned any targets related to personal data protection at this stage; [MDR-T 81b)] however, it is closely monitoring the effectiveness of the actions implemented and their reinforcement, as described under “Actions” in this section, notably through the internal control process.

[S4-4 37] Specialized units, under the responsibility of the data privacy managers of the entities, are responsible for processing data and managing breach incidents. These efforts are multidisciplinary, involving IT, internal control, risk management, legal and other teams.

3.1.4 Information on business conduct [ESRS G1]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct [ESRS G1]

3.1.4.1.1 Oversight of ethics and compliance within the Group [ESRS‑G1 GOV-1]

ethics correspondents (more than 245 people in 2025) and Data Privacy Managers (300 people in 2025) across the entire Group. Most of them also serve in functional roles (legal, HR, internal control, etc.).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[ESRS-G1 GOV-1 5b] The selection and training processes for members of the Board of Directors are described in Sections 4.1.1.8 and 4.1.1.9.

[ESRS-G1 GOV-1 5a, MDR-P 65c] Drawing on the preparatory work of its Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC – see Section 4.1.2.3), the Board of Directors ensures that the Group has the right level of commitment with regard to ethics, non- ˱nancial compliance, and corporate, social and environmental responsibility. The Group Corporate Secretary, assisted by the Chief Legal Of˱cer, Vice-President Group Ethics and the Group Head of Ethics, Compliance & Privacy, reports on the Group’s ethics and compliance policy and its implementation.

At company management level, ethics and compliance are regularly on the agenda of the Group Executive Committee. The Group also ensures that its entities’ Management Committees include ethics and compliance on their meeting agendas.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE’s Chief Executive Of ˱cer, all members of the Executive Committee and all Global Leaders are covered by a dedicated training curriculum speci˱ed in the Group’s ethics training plan (see Section 3.1.4.1.6).

3.1.4.1.2 Ethical risk assessment [G1-3 18a]

Members of the Executive Committee, along with the Group’s other executives from all levels of the organization, guide and oversee the Group’s ethics and compliance policy and ensure that it is properly applied. To this end, they work with the Chief Legal and Ethics Of˱cers, supported by the Ethics & Compliance Of˱cers and Data Privacy Managers of their entities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The assessment of ethical risks is included in the Group’s risk analysis process (Enterprise Risk Management – ERM) (see Section 2.1). Six ethical risks have been identi ˱ed: (i) corruption, (ii) human rights violations, (iii) non-compliance with the duty of vigilance, (iv) non-compliance with embargo or export control rules, (v) non-compliance with competition law rules, and (vi) fraud. The Group’s risk analysis approach also includes data privacy risk.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s governance of ethics matters also includes the activities of the Group’s Compliance Committee, which assesses the handling of ethics incidents and monitors the process for updating the Group’s ethics and compliance framework. At Group level, this committee brings together the Corporate Secretary, the Executive Vice-President in charge of Human Resources and the directors of the following Corporate Departments: Legal, Ethics, Compliance & Privacy, Internal Audit and Internal Control. Operational staff, including Executive Vice-Presidents, are regularly invited to attend the meetings of this Committee. The Group Compliance Committee met four times in 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The process for assessing corruption risks, human rights violation risks and data privacy risks involves using an analysis approach that is common to all the Group GBU. Since 2023, the Group has implemented a new methodology for mapping the risks of corruption and in˳uence peddling in line with the recommendations of the French Anti-Corruption Agency. The risk of human rights violations is analyzed using a Group self-diagnostic scorecard. The Group has also issued guidelines on the assessment of the risk of personal data breaches.

The processes used to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities related to the Group’s business conduct and throughout its value chain strategy, policy and processes [G1-2] are described in Section 3.1.1.4 Double materiality process.

Lastly, the Group has set up a Group Department dedicated to ethics and compliance. The Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department (ECPD) reports to the Legal & Ethics Department, itself under the oversight of the Group Corporate Secretary. The ECPD leads the incorporation of ethics into the Group’s strategy, management and practices. It proposes ethics and compliance policies and procedures for the Group and supports their implementation at all levels of the Group. It coordinates the implementation of the Group’s Vigilance Plan (see Section 3.2) and deals with whistleblower reports arising under the Group procedure which it manages. The ECPD coordinates the network of Ethics & Compliance Of˱cers and

[Page 194] 3.1.4.1.3 Material IROs [IRO-1]

Regarding business ethics, a consolidated analysis at Group head level identi ˱ed the following material IROs:

The Group’s Con ˳icts of Interests Policy requires high-risk situations to be reported internally and validated by management with a view to the duty of impartiality and loyalty in decision-making.

The Human Rights Vigilance Policy

The Human Rights Vigilance Policy is presented in Section 3.1.3.1.

• Negative impact : economic damage due to signi ˱cant incidents of non-compliance with anti-corruption laws, competition law and/or embargoes and sanctions.

The Ethical Compliance reference system

• Risk : damage to corporate image, ˱nancial risk and legal risk, due to signi˱cant incidents of non-compliance with anticorruption laws, competition law and/or embargoes and sanctions.

The Ethical Compliance reference system speci ˱es how the Group implements its ethics and compliance framework and measures compliance. It also includes the Group’s procedures for complying with rules on embargoes and international sanctions, export controls, and competition law.

3.1.4.1.4 Ethics culture and policies [G1-1, G1-3]

Ethics culture and reference texts

ENGIE’s ethics culture and Ethics Code of Conduct [G1-1 7, 9, G1-3 18a]

ENGIE attaches the utmost importance to complying with competition law . All employees, whatever their role or position within the organization, are expected to behave irreproachably with competitors, customers, partners, suppliers, service providers, subcontractors and prospective customers.

ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct establishes the framework for the professional conduct of every employee and manager, while stating that ethics is one of the pillars of the One ENGIE common culture that is intended to guide this behavior.

The Group’s Embargo Policy covers all international sanctions and associated export control issues. Each employee must ensure, within the framework of the Group’s policy and procedures, strict compliance with these regulations, and prevent any transaction that may be in breach of applicable international embargoes or sanctions.

In terms of ethics culture, the ENGIE Group has two clear principles:

• zero tolerance: any and all ethical misconduct must result in disciplinary action;

Guidelines for managing early warning signs in ethics and compliance matters are also part of the Ethical Compliance reference system. They formalize ENGIE’s commitment to preventing and detecting ethics incidents as early as possible through early warning signals known as “early warning signs”.

• speak up/never be left alone: any employee or manager faced with ethical misconduct, whether as a victim or a witness, has a duty to speak up to his or her superiors. If the matter cannot be reported to the individual’s line management or to the entity’s Ethics & Compliance Of ˱cer, a whistleblowing procedure is available at Group level (see below, Section 3.1.4.1.5).

ENGIE also has a speci ˱c compliance system for monitoring its advocacy actions and the obligation to report them to the French High Authority for Transparency in Public Life (Haute Autorité pour la Transparence de la Vie Publique – HATVP), in accordance with the French Act of December 9, 2016.

ENGIE’s ethics and compliance reference systems and professional codes of conduct [G1-1 7, 9, G1-3 18a]

The policy for incorporating ethics into HR processes , which details the Group’s requirements on integrating ethics and compliance into all Human Resources processes, can also be found in the Ethical Compliance reference system.

The Group’s ethics and compliance framework is structured around three reference systems, in addition to professional codes of conduct.

[G1-1 7+9] ENGIE’s professional codes of conduct

The “Integrity” reference system

The “Integrity” reference system is a collection of policies and procedures for preventing fraud, corruption and in ˳uence peddling.

Professional codes of conduct are used to apply ENGIE’s ethics commitments to business practices and operations. These codes of conduct include the Code of Conduct in Supplier Relations (see Sections 3.1.4.2 and 3.2.4.2.2) and the Code of Conduct on Lobbying.

As part of the Group’s ethical due diligence procedures, the stakeholders of investment projects, bene ˱ciaries of corporate sponsorship and patronage, suppliers, business consultants, new people recruited to positions that are the most exposed to the risk of corruption, and BtoB customers are the subject of enhanced preventive action.

The Group’s Gifts, Hospitality and Technical Travel Policy determines the conditions under which gifts, invitations and technical trips may be accepted or given. It provides a framework for transparency, by requiring noti ˱cation, declaration or prior authorization depending on the value of the gift, invitation or technical trip.

[Page 195] Information common to the Ethics Code of Conduct, reference systems and professional codes of conduct

[MDR-P] The ethics and compliance framework

Scope of application [MDR-P 65b]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The ethics and compliance framework applies to all Group entities. Group managers at all levels ensure that these principles are properly applied (see Section 3.1.4.1.1). ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct is therefore applicable to all Group employees and managers and covers relations with all Group third parties. The same is true for the ethics and compliance policies, procedures and professional codes of conduct: all managers and employees are responsible, at their own level, for the proper application of ENGIE’s ethics policies and principles, both within the Group and in their relations with each of its third parties, irrespective of their type

These principles relating to the scope of application of ENGIE’s ethics and compliance system are disclosed to all Group employees, managers and third parties in the Group’s Ethics Code of Conduct (see Section 3.1.4.1.4)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group Corporate Secretary, assisted by the Chief Legal Of ˱cer, Vice-President Group Ethics and the Group Head of Ethics, Compliance & Privacy, reports on the Group’s ethics and compliance policy and its implementation

Management level accountable for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

ENGIE’s ethical principles are in line with the highest international standards:

• the United Nations Convention against Corruption

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR‑P 65d]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Of ˱cials in International Business Transactions

• OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises

• the International Bill of Human Rights

• the conventions of the International Labor Organization (ILO)

ENGIE has made various commitments to external stakeholders in the area of anti-corruption

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• to the ˱ght against corruption, through the tenth principle of the United Nations Global Compact

• to the French chapter of the NGO Transparency International

The Group’s anti-corruption mechanism also incorporates the highest anti-corruption standards issued at the national level, including the UK Bribery Act, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and France’s Sapin II Act

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consideration given to stakeholder expectations while setting the policy [MDR-P 65e]

ENGIE pays careful attention to the expectations of its stakeholders in de ˱ning its ethics and compliance system. The Group has identi˱ed the stakeholders in its anti-corruption management system and ensures that its policies and procedures, when issued or updated, take their expectations into account. In addition, the Group involves stakeholders in its duty of vigilance (see Section 3.2.7.3).

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

Policies and procedures are shared with the persons concerned by their content through the website (links can be found below), the Ethics & Compliance pages on the Group intranet, training courses and through distribution to the managers and employees who need to know them.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• The Ethics Code of Conduct: published in 15 languages at: https://www.engie.com/en/group/ ethics-and-compliance/code-ethical-conduct

• Integrity reference system: presented in more detail at https://www.engie.com/en/group/ ethics-and-compliance/policies-and-procedures/group-integrity-referential

• Ethical compliance reference system: presented in more detail at: https://www.engie.com/en/ group/ethics-and-compliance/policies-and-procedures/ethical-compliance-referential

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Professional codes of conduct: published at https://www.engie.com/en/group/ethics-andcompliance/principles-and-commitments

[G1-3 18c] The implementation of this entire system, which seeks to prevent, detect and deal with corruption allegations or incidents is reported to the EESDC, the Board of Directors and Group Executive Committee, as speci ˱ed in Section 3.1.4.1.1.

[Page 196] 3.1.4.1.5 Whistleblowing and reporting of ethics incidents – Handling ethics incidents [G1‑1 10a, 10c, 10e, G1-3 18a]

Group Whistleblowing System

[G1-3 18b] The Internal Inquiry Guide requires veri ˱cation that individuals chosen to be part of the investigation team have no con˳icts of interest. It stipulates that, before setting up the investigation team, the person in charge of the internal inquiry must check that no team member is involved or is likely to be directly or indirectly involved in the allegations, and has no personal ties with the person who reported the incident or with the persons targeted in the report.

The Group’s Internal Inquiry Guide is intended for Ethics & Compliance Of˱cers and all persons involved in or in charge of an internal inquiry at ENGIE.

The Group policy covering whistleblowers, including the legal requirements of the French law on transparency, anticorruption and the modernization of the economy, also known as the Sapin II Act, and those of the law on the duty of vigilance, was de ˱ned in 2017. It was set up at Group level in July 2018. This policy complies with French Act No. 2022‑401 dated March 21, 2022 (“Waserman” Act) which transposes into French law European Directive No. 2019/ 1937 on the protection of whistleblowers.

[G1-3 20] The Group’s Ethics Code of Conduct and the Group’s ethical compliance web pages set out the Group’s principles for conducting internal inquiries into ethics incidents.

Consequences and disciplinary action in the event of a proven ethics incident

In line with the Group’s ethical principles, all proven ethics incidents are punishable by disciplinary or commercial sanctions. In addition, for each proven incident, entities must assess the measures needed to prevent the incident from recurring and take corrective action where necessary.

[G1-1 10a, 10c, 10e] The Group’s Whistleblowing System includes a procedure for collecting alerts via the email address ethics@engie.com and a dedicated telephone number. Both channels are outsourced to an external service provider, which is responsible for receiving the alerts. Since January 2019, these channels have been made available to all of the Group’s staff worldwide and to all Group external stakeholders. Alerts may be received in several languages and the service is available 24/7.

All alerts received through this system are handled according to guidelines that guarantee con ˱dentiality and anonymity.

[G1-3 20] These principles are enshrined in ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct and on the Group’s ethical compliance web pages.

My Ethics Incident tool [G1-1 10a, 10c, 10e]

[G1-1 10c] The Group’s Whistleblowing System protects all whistleblowers. As con ˱rmed in ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct, no whistleblower can be penalized for using the system in good faith.

Alerts and managerial reports of ethical failures are monitored via My Ethics Incident, a digital tool for recording ethics incidents that has been rolled out to all the Group’s entities.

[G1-1 10c, G1-3 20] This system is described in ENGIE’s Ethics Code of Conduct and on the Group’s website at https:// www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/whistleblowing-system. It is available for all Group employees, managers and external stakeholders, who can use it to ˱nd out more.

[G1-1 10c] The Ethics & Compliance Of ˱cers of the entities concerned by the reported ethics incident must ensure that ethics incidents relating to their scope are dealt with and must keep the information relating to these incidents up to date in the My Ethics Incident tool. Ethics & Compliance Of˱cers receive training and support tools (webinars, tutorials, etc.) on this subject.

[G1-1 10c, G1-3 20] The Whistleblowing System is also presented in a number of Group ethics training courses, including those integrated into the mandatory training curriculum for all Group employees (see Section 3.1.4.1.6).

ENGIE monitors whistleblower reports via the Group’s digital tool, My Ethics Incident (see below, “My Ethics Incident tool”).

Group managerial reporting system for ethics incidents

All Group entities are required to report any suspicion of ethics incidents as soon as they become aware of it.

[G1-1 10a, 10c, 10e] This system is based on the My Ethics Incident tool (see below, “My Ethics Incident tool”).

Alerts and reports are classi˱ed into eight areas in My Ethics Incident: (i) accounting and ˱nancial integrity, (ii) con˳icts of interest, (iii) social responsibility and human rights, (iv) business ethics (including corruption, competition, and embargoes), (v) con˱dential information, (vi) the protection of intangible assets, (vii) personal data (for the reporting and processing of data breaches) and (viii) human resources. In 2025, 423 alerts were input as part of the Group’s whistleblowing procedure (335 in 2024) and 506 managerial reports of ethics incidents were made (394 in 2024). The evolution of the number of reported incidents re˳ects a strengthened speak-up culture.

[G1-3 20] The Group’s Ethics Code of Conduct and the Group’s ethical compliance web pages remind managers of this obligation.

Group Internal Inquiry System [G1-1 10e]

The Group provides more detailed information on the relevant areas of ethics and the sanctions applied on ENGIE’s website at: www.engie.com/en/group/ethics-and-compliance/ policies-and-procedures/ethical-compliance-referential.

The Group Internal Inquiry Guide sets out binding guidelines for conducting internal inquiries to investigate alleged breaches, their cause and who should be held accountable for them. It is part of the Group’s Whistleblowing System and managerial reporting system mentioned above.

ENGIE is committed to conducting its internal reviews and inquiries in a diligent, independent and objective manner, in line with the Group’s Internal Inquiry Guide.

[Page 197] 3.1.4.1.6 Training [G1-1 10g, G1-1 10h, G1‑3 18a, G1‑3 21a]

in the recruitment process to prevent the risk of corruption was rolled out to the Group’s HR functional line in 2022 and has been ongoing ever since. Since the launch of Sezame (see above), this training course has included the ethics and compliance process (ethics due diligence) in the tool and focuses on protecting the candidate data collected.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group has implemented a mandatory ethics and compliance training plan for all of its employees. The training plan is tailored to the roles and activities of the employees concerned.

3.1.4.1.7 Controls and certi ˱cations [G1-3 18a]

[G1-1 10g, G1-1 10h, G1-3 21a] The Group’s mandatory training plan is designed around the Sezame digital tool, which was rolled out Group-wide by the HR Department. This tool is used to monitor the progress at all levels of the digital training provided to Group employees (videos and e-learning).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All Group employees are required to complete a training program comprising training videos on subjects involving signi ˱cant ethical issues: gifts, invitations, corruption, whistleblowing and con˳icts of interest.

Implementation of the ethics and compliance policy is monitored based on an annual compliance procedure. Accordingly, the Ethics & Compliance Of ˱cers produce an ethics compliance report on the work and progress accomplished by their entity in this area. This report is submitted to the relevant supervising entity. It is accompanied by a compliance letter from the manager certifying their commitment to applying the ethics and compliance program within the organization for which they are responsible.

In addition to the mandatory program designed for all staff members, the employees who are most exposed to corruption risk are required to complete a training course developed speci˱cally for them.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The compliance procedure is part of a broader control procedure. This is based in particular on the annual internal control campaigns which assess the level of implementation of ethics and compliance policies. It is also based on policy controls that are built into the internal audit campaigns.

[G1-3 21b] All functions that are most at risk of corruption are covered by the Group’s speci ˱c training plan, in addition to the mandatory training for all employees.

[G1-1 10h] In this respect, the Group has identi ˱ed the following job categories as being most at risk of corruption: Project Management, Business Development, General Management, Finance, Procurement.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group is also engaged in external audits of its ethics and compliance framework. For example, ENGIE obtained anticorruption certi˱cation from Mazars and ADIT in 2015, and ISO 37001 certi˱cation from accredited certi˱cation bodies ETHIC’Intelligence (now Speeki Europe) in 2018 (renewed in 2019 and 2020) and EuroCompliance in 2021 (renewed in 2022 and 2023) and in 2024 (renewed in 2025). All of these audits are carried out at Group level and in several operating entities that are representative of the Group’s activities.

[G1-3 20, MDR-P 65f] The Group’s web pages on ethics and compliance present the control system described above in greater detail: https://www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/ control-system-ethics.

The curriculum for the employees most exposed to the risk of corruption is based on the Group’s e-learning modules which provide in-depth knowledge of the Group’s ethical issues, particularly in relation to fraud, corruption and competition law (at the end of 2025, the completion rate of these e‑learning modules was 87.7% (83.8% in 2024)). Six new languages were added to the competition law e-learning module in 2025, bringing the total to 11.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.4.1.8 Dedicated actions and resources [G1-4]

The system described above is designed to prevent and deal with any ethics incidents, including all incidents involving corruption, violations of competition law and/or international embargoes or sanctions, regardless of signi ˱cance.

Lastly, the senior managers (Global Leaders) must also participate in the fraud and corruption prevention seminar (at the end of 2025, 99.7% (98.4% in 2024) of Global Leaders had completed the e-learning course, and 95.2% (87.6% in 2024) of them had participated in the above seminar). Ethics & Compliance Of˱cers must take the same training program.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s mandatory ethics and compliance training plan requires all employees and managers concerned to repeat each mandatory session every three years.

[MDR-A 69] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of the activities to implement the action plans mentioned above. However, given the nature of these expenses, they are considered as having no signi ˱cant ˱nancial impact.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In line with the principles described above, the Group’s system ensures that all proven incidents result in appropriate disciplinary or commercial action as well as an assessment of the measures needed to prevent the incident from recurring and an obligation to take corrective action where necessary (see Section 3.1.4.1.5 Consequences and disciplinary action in the event of a proven ethics incident).

The Group also provides a number of other mandatory ethics and compliance training courses. For example, face-to-face training courses on competition law have increased signi˱cantly since 2023, particularly for Local Energy Infrastructures (LEI) GBU entities, impelled by a new action plan for 2024-2025. Buyers must follow additional courses including in-person training run jointly by the Procurement Department and the ECPD: “Ethics and supplier relations in practice” (see Section 3.2.4.2.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority non-energy procurement risks). Due diligence training

[Page 198] 3.1.4.1.9 KPIs and targets [G1-4]

[G1-4 24a] In 2025, the Group did not face any convictions or ˱nes for any signi˱cant violations of anti-corruption laws.

Nature and description of target 2024 reporting 2025 reporting 2030 target

83.8% 87.7% >95%

[G1-4 24b] In 2025, the Group did not face any signi ˱cant violations of its procedures or the anti-corruption standards to which it adheres.

[MDR-T] As part of its ethics and compliance framework, the Group has set the following training objective:

Percentage of people most exposed to corruption risk who receive training

3.1.4.2 Sustainable procurement [ESRS G1]

3.1.4.2.1 Developing responsible procurement

Material IROs

[G1-2 15a] The sustainability of purchases, and more generally of the Group’s entire supply chain, involves developing ethical and responsible practices, all while ensuring that the Group’s activities remain competitive. This essential undertaking is based on three pillars:

Regarding responsible procurement, the material IROs identi ˱ed through the Group-level consolidated double materiality assessment were:

• the impact of procurement on carbon emissions and climate: procurement has a key role in achieving the Group’s decarbonization commitments (2045 Net Zero Carbon objective, well-below 2°C by 2030 pathway, etc.);

• Negative impact: deterioration in the environmental and social qualities of alternative energy sources purchased in a context of market instability and resource scarcity.

• the impact of procurement on nature (water, biodiversity, pollutants, waste, etc.) is a subject of increasing and signi ˱cant importance;

• Positive impact: contribution to the dissemination of the Group’s ethical and sustainable practices by involving suppliers and partners in the Group’s sustainable development approach (e.g., selection of suppliers on the basis of RSE criteria, ESS suppliers or adapted companies, etc.).

• the human impact of procurement (inclusive procurement, impact on communities, human rights of the supply chain, worker health, etc.).

• Risk: reduced competitive advantage if competitors do not set the same standards in terms of ethical and sustainable practices.

[MDR-P 65a] In order to achieve this ambition, the Procurement function has structured its management system around three key documents:

Non-energy procurement

Strategy, policy and processes [G1-2]

• the Procurement Charter , which de ˱nes ENGIE’s commitments and requirements with regard to human rights, and includes ESG criteria for the selection of suppliers;

• a Procurement Governance document that sets out the 12 rules de ˱ning the principles for managing external expenditure and organizing procurement;

ENGIE has developed a proactive strategy to strengthen supply chain resilience in a changing geopolitical and regulatory environment. Against the backdrop of international geopolitical tensions, the Group faces logistical delays, price pressures, embargoed countries and trade barriers (e.g., the In ˳ation Reduction Act) and must also comply with applicable Human Rights regulations.

• the Ethics Code of Conduct , which commits all employees to act with integrity, transparency and responsibility, to reject all forms of corruption and to respect human rights, the law and the environment.

[MDR-P] Procurement policy

The principles apply to the entire supply chain and all employees concerned within the Group.

Scope of application [MDR-P 65b]

The Procurement Department is responsible for implementing the policy, under the responsibility of the Group Chief Procurement Of ˱cer.

Accountable for implementation [MDR-P 65c]

The documents that form the Procurement policy are aligned with:

• the United Nations Convention against Corruption;

Relevant third-party standards or initiatives [MDR-P 65d]

• the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA);

• the UK Bribery Act;

• the French Sapin II Act;

• ILO and OECD anti-bribery conventions;

• other human rights regulations, such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act.

• Code of Conduct and Procurement Charter : available to all suppliers and external partners on the Group’s website (https://www.engie.com/en/group/suppliers/requirements-and-commitments)

How the policy is made available [MDR-P 65f]

• Procurement Governance : available to employees on the Group intranet

[Page 199] [G1-2 15b] All Procurement operational processes have ESG components:

• Manage the supplier panel:

• Manage the purchase categories:

• The Group’s Key Suppliers (Strategic, Preferred, Major) must receive an EcoVadis assessment with a minimum rating equivalent to “managed CSR risk”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Implementing strategic annual management strategies which in particular contain the ESG levers to be activated in line with the speci ˱c features and requirements of each procurement category.

• Failing this, a corrective action plan must be drawn up and monitored for the duration of the contractual relationship.

The proper implementation of procurement processes is veri˱ed through internal control and internal audit processes.

• Source to contract:

ENGIE’s panel of suppliers is segmented based on a differentiated management approach.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Tender speci ˱cations and evaluation grids must include ESG criteria relevant to the product or service covered in the tender. Depending on the category, focus will be on Environmental or Social criteria. All categories are aligned with Governance criteria.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• In addition, all contracts include an “Ethics and Sustainable Development” clause requiring suppliers to respect ENGIE’s ethics and sustainability commitments and cooperate in implementing the measures set out in the Vigilance Plan. Under this clause, ENGIE can force the supplier to undergo an ESG assessment by a third party within six months of signing the contract.

SUPPLIER CLASSIFICATION

1. Strategic suppliers FOCUS ON VALUE AND JOINT GROWTH

2. Preferred suppliers FOCUS ON VALUE AND PERFORMANCE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Preferred suppliers identiﬁed as strategic at Group level for a GBU/Department in view of current needs or future growth. List approved by the Group CPO.

Based on a category strategy, these suppliers form a Group panel corresponding to a certain type of equipment or service. Identiﬁed and managed by the category manager. They represent a signiﬁcant portion of the category's recurring expenses or are covered by a Group category policy/contract.

3. Major suppliers FOCUS ON DELIVERY AND PERFORMANCE

4. Transactional suppliers FOCUS ON EFFICIENCY AND PERFORMANCE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Managed at entity level, these suppliers have limited and localized expenses. Alternative supply sources are available and changeover costs are low. Proﬁle: high number of average or low-value order forms.

Identiﬁed and managed by hubs and countries. These are signiﬁcant suppliers in one or more geographies: • supplier representing a signiﬁcant portion of recurring expenses in a given geography; and/or • key suppliers for the Group’s activity in a speciﬁc geography; and/or • potential suppliers to become preferred suppliers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The information in this diagram is taken from the Source to Contract (S2C) procurement process.

[G1-2 15b] All suppliers are assessed based on their ESG performance during the selection process and throughout the contractual relationship:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

suppliers must achieve a rating equivalent to ESG risk management. If the rating is lower, the supplier must implement a corrective action plan, which is managed directly from the partner’s digital platform by the buyers, contract managers and suppliers.

• Weighting of supplier assessment criteria in calls for tender: in calls for tender for the largest contracts, ESG performance can account for around 15% of the supplier assessment;

In addition, ENGIE has set itself the target of reducing the carbon footprint of its suppliers, ensuring that by 2030 at least 50% of CO₂ emissions linked to purchases (excluding energy) come from suppliers committed to a shared decarbonization trajectory with ENGIE.

• Key suppliers must be assessed by the Group’s ESG partner, EcoVadis, based on four themes: environment, ethics, labor and human rights, and sustainable procurement. These

[Page 200] Dedicated actions and resources

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Recurring annual action

• Signi ˱cant reduction in non‑compliance risks

Coordinate a Compliance Policy within the Procurement Department

• Improved transaction transparency and traceability

The Compliance policy applies to Group procurement across the board; due diligence is performed on all Strategic, Preferred and Major suppliers

• Increased stakeholder trust

• Cost optimization through the avoidance of penalties and litigation

• Enhancement of the company’s reputation as a responsible and ethical player in the market

The Inclusive Procurement Policy applies to the France scope Recurring annual action

Drive the Inclusive Procurement Policy in France

• Increase the Group’s business with suppliers from the protected and adapted work sector (STPA) and social inclusion enterprises (SIAE)

• Facilitate access for independent SMEs and businesses located in priority urban areas (QPV) or rural revitalization zones (ZRR)

• Encourage other Group regions to launch similar initiatives

Recurring annual action

Active participation of the Procurement function and suppliers in ENGIE’s comprehensive Net Zero 2045 roadmap

The entire Group Procurement community is engaged in ENGIE’s carbon footprint reduction initiative

Coordinate the Procurement function’s contribution to the Group’s carbon footprint reduction, targeting Net Zero by 2045

Since 2022, the Group has expressed its commitment to developing inclusive or solidarity-based procurement, tailoring its approach to the speci˱cities of each country, particularly regarding local context and regulations. In France, efforts focus primarily on increasing business with suppliers from the protected and adapted work sector (STPA) as well as with social inclusion enterprises (SIAE).

[MDR-A 69] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of the activities to implement the action plans mentioned above. However, given the nature of these expenses, they are considered as having no signi ˱cant ˱nancial impact.The Compliance, Inclusive Procurement (France) and Carbon Footprint Reduction policies are central pillars of the Procurement management system.

Finally, as part of the Procurement community’s contribution to the Group’s decarbonization trajectory – which aims to achieve Net Zero by 2045 – all buyers are trained on decarbonization challenges. Carbon-related incentives are integrated into management scorecards. Key suppliers are assessed for maturity; structured engagement is conducted with the most advanced suppliers and speci˱c support is provided to several French SMEs to promote a just and equitable transition.

The Compliance Policy is implemented primarily through due diligence conducted by Category Managers and Chief Procurement Of˱cers (CPOs) within the entities prior to the conclusion of contracts with Strategic, Preferred or Major suppliers. This process is supplemented by EcoVadis assessments covering human rights, environmental and ethics topics. Additionally, suppliers commit to respecting the principles of the Modern Slavery Act, which aims to combat modern slavery and human traf˱cking. The Ethics and Sustainable Development Clause also includes heightened contractual stipulations designed to support the Procurement function’s comprehensive compliance approach.

[Page 201] Targets

[MDR-M 75], [MDR-M 77A], [MDR-M 77B]

Targets Criterion 2024 results 2025 results 2025 target 2030 target Methodology External veri ˱cation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

SBTi

Moody’s

Decarbonization of the main Suppliers

Fitch

S&P

CDP

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Percentage of suppliers (excluding energy) representing at least 50% of the carbon footprint committed to a decarbonization pathway disclosed to ENGIE

- 51% - 100% The supplier must achieve at least Silver level in ENGIE’s Supplier Decarbonization Program, or hold a recognized certi ˱cation attesting to the reliability of its sustainability commitments (SBTi, Moody’s, Fitch, S&P, CDP)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

59 79 70 100 ESG assessment and inclusive procurement EcoVadis

Development of responsible procurement

Ratio of 100 on responsible procurement (excluding energy)

Policies and processes [G1-2 15a, 15b]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The policies and processes for managing the social and environmental risks associated with ENGIE’s energy supply activities and the implementation of the aforementioned policies and processes are described in Section 3.1.3.4 Workers in the value chain (energy).

ESG strategy on natural gas supply

[MDR-T 79c] It has been decided to adapt the approach and now assess the proportion of suppliers representing at least 50% of CO 2 emissions from purchases (excluding energy) who are committed to a shared decarbonization trajectory with ENGIE. The decarbonization metric for purchases has evolved from “% of top 250 preferred suppliers (excluding energy) certi ˱ed or SBT aligned” to “share of suppliers representing at least 50% of CO 2 emissions from purchasing (excluding energy) committed to a shared decarbonization trajectory with ENGIE”. The target for this metric is to reach 100% by 2030.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[MDR-T 79c] The value of the “responsible procurement” metric was 79 in 2025, 9 points above the 2025 target. This ˱gure should be interpreted taking two different factors into account:

• a particular effort was made in 2025 in terms of resources to accelerate the rollout of EcoVadis assessments;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the 2025 ˱gure is exceptionally calculated based on a scope excluding GRDF, following this entity’s decision to diversify its assessment providers to better match the nature of its supplier panel.

To complement the general ESG approach, S&EM has developed a dedicated global strategy for shale gas procurement (United States), which requires a comprehensive assessment of environmental and social impacts. Public and con ˱dential information regarding counterparty performance are key determinants in the decision-making process for entering into long-term agreements. The Group chooses producers who are able to offer the best guarantees in terms of traceability of emissions and environmental monitoring of their activity, which is preferably audited by independent third parties. Establishing long-term contracts with suppliers helps the Group to strengthen its relationships on the basis of long-term monitoring and the implementation of ESG initiatives. This approach continued to be applied to gas supply activities in 2025, supporting the selection of counterparties with a stronger ESG performance.

The 2030 target remains unchanged, and the Group’s scope will include GRDF.

Coal exit strategy

Energy procurement [G1-2 15a, 15b]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In line with the ENGIE Group’s policy to exit coal- ˱red power operations in Europe by the end of 2025 and worldwide by 2027, a strategy has been implemented to discontinue energy management activities that support the coal supply chain. In 2025, regular reviews were carried out to ensure that the activities concerned did not contribute directly to the coal value chain.

RECOSI

ENGIE plays a key role in safeguarding energy supply in the regions where it operates. To this end, the Group needs to diversify its supply sources so that it can maintain a resilient supply chain, especially when political instability and/or resource scarcity affects energy markets. In December 2021, tensions on these markets emphasized the relevance of this strategy of diversifying supply sources. The diversi ˱cation strategy is built around a portfolio of long-term contracts, as it is the Group’s duty to ensure security of supply for its customers and activities.

Changes in resources can shift potential ESG risks, and mitigation measures must be taken as a result. The ESG impact is a key factor in deciding whether to enter into a speci˱c deal. Long-term contracts make it possible to strengthen relationships, implement ESG initiatives and monitor them over the long term.

To support its sustainable energy procurement strategy, ENGIE has become a member of the Responsible Commodities Sourcing Initiative (RECOSI). RECOSI is a membership organization that guides and supports its members in their due diligence monitoring of supply chains and helps producers in improving their ESG performance. ENGIE participates in the RECOSI Gas Programme and, together with other members, pledges to meet high standards of ESG performance in the natural gas supply chain.

[Page 202] For example, ENGIE Energia Chile is participating in RECOSI’s Bettercoal Programme to demonstrate the Group’s commitment to promoting sustainability and responsibility within the coal supply chain as long as coal must be sourced.

In 2025, ENGIE strengthened its involvement in RECOSI, notably through its appointment as Chair of the RECOSI Board of Directors, thus consolidating its guiding role in the initiative, as well as through its contribution to the development of responsible gas procurement criteria. ENGIE also continued its peer-to-peer exchanges on coal-related ESG issues as part of RECOSI's Bettercoal work.

Dedicated actions and resources [G1-2 15a, 15b]

[MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

Ongoing

Implement a dedicated ESG strategy for shale gas (United States) Selection of suppliers with veri ˱able emission traceability and independent audits

S&EM global third-party energy procurement and management activities (excluding ENGIE projects)

Ongoing

Implement a coal exit strategy Exit from activities supporting the coal supply chain S&EM global third-party energy procurement and management activities (excluding ENGIE projects)

Global suppliers from the S&EM portfolio Ongoing

Continue participation in the Responsible Commodities Sourcing Initiative (RECOSI)

Leveraging of peer in˳uence to improve ESG performance across the natural gas and coal supply chain (as long as physical coal needs to be sourced)

[MDR-A 69] The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources (CAPEX or OPEX) according to the nature of the activities to implement the action plans mentioned above. However, given the nature of these expenses, they are considered as having no signi ˱cant ˱nancial impact.

[MDR-P 62] ENGIE’s Procurement Charter highlights its commitment to comply with its suppliers’ payment terms in accordance with the laws and regulations in force in all the countries where the Group operates. The contents of the Charter are described in Section 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy).

KPIs and data

For further information on payment terms, see Section 6.1.1.2 Parent company ˱nancial statements.

Dedicated actions and resources

ENGIE is in the process of de ˱ning metrics to measure the deterioration in the environmental and social quality of alternative supply chain sources from which it has made purchases due to market instability and resource scarcity. These measures will be disclosed as they are de˱ned.

To ensure compliance with responsible payment practices, ENGIE has rolled out a range of concrete actions such as digitized billing processes, which enables faster and more transparent payment processing.

3.1.4.2.2 Ensuring responsible payment practices [G1‑2, G1-6]

Material IROs

In terms of responsible payment practices, the material IRO selected is:

In addition, ENGIE has set up a rigorous system to monitor payment terms to ensure that responsible payment targets are met. Finance teams work closely with procurement departments to make sure that supplier commitments are met and quickly identify any anomalies in the payment process.

KPIs and targets [G1-6]

• positive impact : Contributing to the solvency of our suppliers through our payment practices.

Strategy, policy and processes [G1-2]

[MDR-T, 81a] For the current reporting year, ENGIE’s disclosures only cover the metric relating to the number of legal proceedings currently outstanding for late payments. At this stage, the Group does not yet have the necessary consolidated metrics to meet all ESRS requirements in terms of responsible payment practices.

[G1-2 14] In accordance with ESRS G-1, the Group is currently improving its process for collecting and securing the reliability of data used to determine metrics for payment terms.

In addition, the Group’s payment policy for supplier invoices is to apply regulatory payment terms (which differ from country to country).

[G1-6 33c] At the reporting date, a legal recovery procedure for late payments remained outstanding in France. This metric is reported for the following scope: France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Romania and the United States. In 2025, these countries accounted for 70% of Group purchases.

The Group pays particular attention to the situation of SMEs, which are more exposed to cash ˳ow risks. In the survey conducted in 2023 by the French organization SME Pact on the payment practices of major accounts with French SMEs, ENGIE was cited as one of the most virtuous companies in this area.

[Page 203] 3.1.4.3 Cybersecurity, security and industrial safety [speci ˱c information]

3.1.4.3.1 Cybersecurity

Impacts, risks and opportunities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The double materiality assessment identi ˱ed the following IROs relating to cybersecurity:

As the Group’s cybersecurity performance contributes to its operational performance, the Group is organized so that every customer, employee and service provider can operate in a climate of digital trust and protect themselves against potential cybersecurity risks.

• Negative impact : major industrial and/or nuclear accidents, including incidents related to cyber attacks , affecting people, property and the environment.

• Positive impact : continuity of essential services for users thanks to secure and cyber-protected installations and sites.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Risk : damage to the Group’s reputation in the event of an industrial and/or nuclear accident, or a data or security breach resulting from a cyber attack .

Cybersecurity policy

To address this risk, ENGIE has implemented a set of cybersecurity processes and standards, which together form the Group’s cybersecurity policy. This policy – signed by the Chief Executive Of˱cer and the Executive Vice-President in charge of Data, Digital and IT – applies to the entire Group and its entities for all Information Technology (IT) and Operational Technology (OT), as well as to all stakeholders (customers, employees, suppliers, service providers, etc.) that interact with these technologies. Implemented by the Group’s Chief Information Security Of˱cer (CISO), this policy de˱nes:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• fourteen cybersecurity principles that everyone should be aware of, covering cybersecurity governance, mobilization of human and ˱nancial resources, awareness, risk and third‑party management, infrastructure and asset protection, maintenance of security conditions, logical access control, security in projects and software development, industrial asset protection, business resilience, audit and control, and regulatory compliance;

The use of modern technology (cloud, arti ˱cial intelligence, connected objects, digital platforms, etc.) and new user practices (mobility, teleworking, etc.) amid the digitalization of business activities (time-based management of production assets, supervision of infrastructure, etc.) and administrative processes are impacting the Group’s exposure to cybersecurity risk. In the event of a cyber attack, this could lead to risks of service interruption or loss of productivity, as well as human and environmental impacts.

• the functional line, its structure and its governance;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In a rapidly evolving global threat landscape, the rise of technologies such as AI and increased reliance on partners heighten the complexity of cybersecurity risk, while simultaneously offering opportunities for reinforcement.

• the key documentation (topical policies, standards, guidelines) and key processes (incident management, crisis management, derogations, compliance and audit).

Action plan

LIST OF ACTIONS FOR IMPLEMENTING POLICIES [MDR-A 68A], [MDR-A 68B], [MDR-A 68C]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Description of action Expected outcomes Scope of application Time horizon

The Group and its entities Annual program

Implement an annual Group-wide cybersecurity program

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Operational monitoring of IT, industrial infrastructure and digital solutions • Implementation and maintenance of mandatory Group cybersecurity solutions across the IT, industrial and digital scopes • Constant monitoring and adaptation of cybersecurity systems and solutions to threats • Assessment of the compliance of industrial sites and entities with Group requirements and applicable regulations

Overall cybersecurity risk management is described in Section 2.2.5.2.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Metrics

The Cybersecurity program is rolled out on an annual basis, allowing ENGIE’s protection and monitoring systems to be adjusted based on changes in threats, the internal situation (organization, M&A, etc.) and the major regulatory changes in Europe and the rest of the world.

The program is implemented on a global scale, based on the organization of cybersecurity for each of the Group’s business lines and geographic areas.

As it is a priority for ENGIE, cybersecurity is frequently monitored and reported at various levels of management. Metrics and highlights/incidents are reviewed weekly by the Chief Information Of ˱cers (CIO) of the Digital & IT functional line and the Group’s CISO, and monthly by the Executive Committee.

Given the sensitive nature of this information, the more operational aspects of cybersecurity incident management cannot be disclosed. However, ENGIE maintains business continuity and disaster recovery plans, notably for its critical processes.

[Page 204] By way of illustration, the following solutions are rolled out:

• tools for training, informing, monitoring and assisting employees;

For example, one of the main metrics is the Bitsight rating, which monitors the ENGIE Group’s “external attack surface”. As a cybersecurity rating agency, Bitsight provides an independent review of an organization’s exposure.

• a warning, analysis and prevention system that is continuously updated by specialized, recognized service providers;

2024 2025

Bitsight rating 780 points 810 points

The ENGIE Group’s Bitsight rating re ˳ects the Group’s robust defense capabilities.

• an incident reporting tool (MySecurityIncident) for reporting incidents to the Security Department, which are systematically dealt with. The Group coordinates with service providers (International SOS, Seerist, etc.) to manage health & safety and security risks.

In addition, specialized internal and external teams de˱ne and execute annual audit plans.

3.1.4.3.2 Security of people, sites and information

Impacts, risks and opportunities

As regards tangible assets, sites are subject to protective measures tailored to the local situation and revised according to the threat status. The Group has introduced a system to catalog incidents and gather feedback to improve risk assessment and prevention in order to limit the impact of any malicious acts. Their analysis makes it possible to implement the necessary strategic and operational prevention and mitigation measures.

To anticipate threats to material assets, the Group provides the following services on behalf of its entities and countries:

The Group’s international presence can expose a number of its employees and subcontractors to health and security risks. In addition, the Group’s industrial and service sites and installations, which form part of its physical assets, may also be exposed to malicious acts that could impact personal security. Lastly, information is included as one of the Group’s intangible assets, in digital or physical form, or transmitted orally, may also be exposed to malicious acts that could result in a loss of value for the Group or affect its reputation.

• monitoring threats to Group installations. The information collected is sent to the security manager of the entities concerned, who is responsible for taking urgent and longterm precautionary measures to protect the installations concerned;

• monitoring “country risks” to anticipate the threat and adjust protection measures;

• disseminating standards on protection measures for certain types of installations.

The Group’s performance on security matters contributes to its operational performance, by making it possible for every employee and service provider to work in a climate of trust on the sites and in the geographic regions where the Group operates, and by protecting the Group from leaks of sensitive information that could affect its competitiveness or reputation.

Information protection and security policies

The Group implements a policy to protect people and tangible and intangible assets, supplemented by a speci ˱c policy on information protection.

In addition, the Group publishes security rules applicable to staff on international assignments (expatriates and business travelers), as well as site protection standards.

The Group adjusts the allocation and level of its resources depending on the nature of the activities and the speci ˱c needs of the region, country and/or entity. In particular, it draws on internal resources (OPEX) to implement the abovementioned action plans, the purchase or rental of security equipment and materials, and external costs to secure its sites and networks, depending on the nature of the activities or associated risks. As previously indicated, these costs are de˱ned and adapted locally, but at Group level they are considered to have a non-signi˱cant impact.

Processes

In terms of information protection, the Group is continuously adapting to meet the following objectives:

Security risks are managed through a security management system, that is to say, a comprehensive process designed to identify risks and address them by implementing appropriate action plans that take into account feedback, with a view to continuous improvement.

• raise employee awareness. An e-learning course on information protection, integrated into the “license to operate”, is available online on the Group intranet, and special awareness sessions are organized in the entities;

• deal with any identi ˱ed incidents;

Security is an integral part of the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process and an integral part of the internal control program (INCOME/COR8b).

• prevent any internal or external action aimed at capturing and fraudulently using sensitive data.

3.1.4.3.3 Industrial safety

Impacts, risks and opportunities

The Security and Business Intelligence Department is responsible for governance of the Security function and coordinates the Group’s Chief Security Of ˱cers (CSOs) and Country Security Managers (CSMs), who are responsible for adapting and implementing security policies throughout the Group.

The Group’s activities could lead to major industrial and/or nuclear accidents, including those caused by or linked to cyber attacks, affecting people, property and the environment.

The Security Department also performs a second-level control function. External security audits are also carried out at certain installations.

Action plan

The Group’s operational excellence in operating industrial assets on its own behalf or on behalf of customers aims to ensure the prevention of harm to people, property and the environment, as well as the continuity of essential services for end-users, thanks to a high level of operation and maintenance of industrial installations, site security and industrial cybersecurity.

The Group’s operating areas are classi ˱ed according to speci˱c prevention and protection measures, which are adapted to the risks involved. To carry out this purpose, the Group enlists the services of the relevant authorities (police, justice, etc.) as well as specialized service providers.

[Page 205] The policy is based on three pillars:

Regarding industrial safety, it is important to distinguish between (i) the safety of industrial assets excluding nuclear power plants and (ii) the safety of nuclear power plants, which is known as “nuclear safety”.

• risk management , including proactive monitoring of the development of new nuclear safety laws and directives and meticulous compliance with them;

Industrial safety excluding nuclear safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Industrial safety policies

• continuous improvement by continually assessing nuclear safety performance, referring to national and international standards, de ˱ning improvement plans, perpetually learning from internal and external feedback, and actively involving all employees in the continuous improvement process;

The industrial safety of the installations that the Group operates is one of its major concerns. The management of risks of industrial accidents is subject to in-depth monitoring and speci ˱c targeted investments, and audits of the installations in question are performed regularly.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ongoing measurement of the effectiveness of the nuclear safety policy through independent internal and external audits that lead to the implementation of improvement measures based on the recommendations made, and through ongoing dialogue with authorities, safety authorities and all other stakeholders.

Action plans

The Group’s various subsidiaries and entities that operate industrial assets have de˱ned and implemented speci˱c industrial safety policies tailored to their activities. The Chief Executive Of˱cer of the subsidiary or entity is responsible for implementing the industrial safety policy.

Action plans

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group carries out its industrial activities within the framework of applicable safety regulations, including the “Seveso III” European Directive.

Electrabel has implemented an internal and industrial control system in accordance with the extremely high standards of the profession, such as the safety standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which operates on several levels:

• the Safety Report (in the form of a Royal Decree under Belgian law) establishes the control mechanisms for the design, operating procedures, and de ˱nes the dedicated organization and human resources;

These industrial safety risks are controlled by implementing safety management systems based on the principle of continuous improvement. These systems aim to reduce the level of residual risk by responding to the highest risks as a priority.

• safety principles are integrated into the operational management of the power plants;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Action plans are de ˱ned and implemented by the subsidiaries and entities that operate industrial assets and integrate feedback as part of a continuous improvement approach.

ENGIE hires external experts to audit its highest-risk industrial assets.

• compliance with these principles is subject to managerial supervision and independent controls by the operational organizations, carried out by the nuclear safety department (“Health Physics Department” under Belgian law), which reports directly to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer of Electrabel SA.;

Regular audits are carried out by the competent local authorities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Health Physics Department can rely on numerous, documented and quanti ˱ed control points, as well as audits.

The protection of industrial control systems is included in the Group’s IT system security policy roll out.

Metric: number of major events

The subsidiaries that operate industrial assets monitor incidents and accidents related to industrial safety.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The metric used at the Group level is the number of major events occurring during the year for which the Group is liable. Two major events were recorded in 2025 (one event in 2024).

One was a high-pressure natural gas leak on a transmission pipeline operated by NaTran (formerly GRTgaz) in the municipality of Saint-Martin-de-Crau in France during the night of June 12-13, 2025. The leak triggered an explosion followed by a ˱re.

Following a phased approach, all individuals working at nuclear power plants have the appropriate quali˱cations and are aware of their personal responsibility with regard to nuclear safety. During operations, compliance with safety and security rules and condition of the installations are subject to internal inspection by the Health Physics Department and the Belgian Federal Agency for Nuclear Control (FANC), assisted by Bel-V, its technical support subsidiary. In addition, Electrabel takes into account the feedback and periodic external peer reviews of the World Association of Nuclear Operators (WANO). Furthermore the terrorist risk is addressed with the competent authorities of the Belgian State. The two nuclear sites have ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 certi˱cation and are registered under EMAS.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Metrics

The second was the explosion of a pipeline operated by NaTran near the Saint-Rémy-de-Provence air˱eld on Friday, September 26, requiring the intervention of ˱re services.

These events were thoroughly investigated in coordination with the relevant authorities. Corrective actions have been de˱ned to prevent recurrence.

Since the commissioning of the ˱rst reactor in 1974, the Doel and Tihange sites in Belgium have not experienced any major nuclear safety incidents that could have resulted in danger to employees, subcontractors, the general population or the environment.

Nuclear safety

Nuclear safety and radiation protection policy

Electrabel monitors signi˱cant incidents on the INES scale (International Nuclear Event Scale) around the world. In 2025, there were no signi˱cant incidents at the Doel or Tihange power plants.

Electrabel, the only Group entity that operates nuclear power plants, implements a nuclear safety and radiation protection policy designed to protect the public, site workers and the environment. The Board of Directors of Electrabel SA monitors the implementation of this policy.

[Page 206] 3.1.5 Appendices

3.1.5.1 Information incorporated by reference [ESRS 2 BP-2 16]

ESRS Disclosure requirement Datapoint Reference

ESRS 2 GOV-1 – The role of administrative, management and supervisory bodies 20; 21a, b, c, d, e Section 4.1.1

Sections 4.1.2.2 to 4.1.2.4

Section 4.1.1.7

Section 4.1.3

20c, 23a Section 4.1.1.7 /Sections 4.1.1.9 and 4.1.2.3

ESRS 2 GOV-3 – Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes GOV-3 29a, e Sections 4.2.1.2 (2025 variable compensation) and 4.2.3.2

ESRS 2 GOV-2 – Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies

GOV-2 24, 25, 26a, b, c Section 4.1.2.4 ( The Ethics, Environment, and Sustainable Development Committee)

ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model 48d Note 1.3.3 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements

ESRS E1 SBM-3 – Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model 19c Sections 2.2.2 and 2.2.3

ESRS E5 E5-2 – Actions and resources related to resource use and circular economy MDR-A 69b, 69c Note 17.2.4 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements

ESRS G1 G1-6 – Management of relationships with suppliers MDR-P 62 Section 6.1.1.2

3.1.5.2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the Sustainability Statement [ESRS 2 IRO-2]

[IRO-2 59] After determining material impacts, risks and opportunities, the Group assessed the materiality and relevance of each disclosure requirement, then each datapoint.

ESRS Disclosure requirement Reference

ESRS 2 BP-1 – BP-2 – Basis for preparation Section 3.1.1.1

ESRS 2 GOV-1 – GOV-5 – Governance Sections 3.1.1.3 and 3.1.1.5

ESRS 2 SBM-1 – SBM-3 – Strategy Section 3.1.1.2 and Section 3.1.1.4.2

ESRS 2 IRO-1 – IRO-2 – Management of impacts, risks and opportunities Sections 3.1.1.4 and 3.1.5

ESRS 2 MDR-P/A/M/T – Minimum disclosure requirements for policies, actions, metrics and targets Each topical ESRS

ESRS E1 ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model Section 3.1.2.1.1

ESRS E1 ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate–related impacts, risks and opportunities Section 3.1.2.1.1

ESRS E1 ESRS 2 GOV-3 – Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes Section 3.1.2.1.2

ESRS E1 E1-1 – E1-8 Sections 3.1.2.1.2 to 3.1.2.1.4 and 3.1.2.1.6

ESRS E1 E1-9 – Anticipated ˱nancial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential climate-related opportunities Transitional provision

ESRS E2 ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of the processes to identify and assess material pollution‑related impacts, risks and opportunities Section 3.1.2.2.2

ESRS E2 E2-1 – E2-4 Section 3.1.2.2.2

ESRS E2 E2-5 – Substances of concern and substances of very high concern Not material

ESRS E2 E2-6 – Anticipated ˱nancial effects from pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities Transitional provision

ESRS E3 ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of the processes to identify and assess material water and marine resources-related impacts, risks and opportunities Section 3.1.2.2.3

ESRS E3 E3-1 – E3-4 Section 3.1.2.2.3

ESRS E3 E3-5 – Anticipated ˱nancial effects from water and marine resources-related impacts, risks, and opportunities Transitional provision

[Page 207] ESRS Disclosure requirement Reference

ESRS E4 ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model Section 3.1.2.2.4

ESRS E4 ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of processes to identify and assess material biodiversity and ecosystem-related impacts, risks and opportunities Section 3.1.2.2.4

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS E4 E4-1 – E4-5 Section 3.1.2.2.4

ESRS E4 E4-3 – Financing effects (direct and indirect costs) of biodiversity offsets in monetary terms Transitional provision

ESRS E4 E4-6 – Anticipated ˱nancial effects from material biodiversity and ecosystem-related risks and opportunities Transitional provision

ESRS E5 ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of the processes to identify and assess material resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities Section 3.1.2.2.5

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS E5 E5-1 – E5-4 Section 3.1.2.2.5

ESRS E5 E5-5 – Resource out ˳ows Section 3.1.2.2.5

ESRS E5 E5-6 – Anticipated ˱nancial effects from resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities Transitional provision

ESRS S1 ESRS-2 SBM-2 – SBM-3 – Strategy Section 3.1.3.2.1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S1 S1-1 – S1-17 (excluding S1-7, S1-12 and S1-14) Sections 3.1.3.1 and 3.1.3.2.1 to 3.1.3.2.6

ESRS S1 S1-7 - Characteristics of non-employee workers in the undertaking's own workforce Transitional provision

ESRS S1 S1-12 – Persons with disabilities Transitional provision

ESRS S1 S1-14 – Health & safety Section 3.1.3.2.6

Transitional provision applied to metrics for non-employees

ESRS S2 ESRS-2 SBM-2 – SBM-3 – Strategy Section 3.1.3.3

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S2 S2-1 – S2-5 Sections 3.1.3.1/3.1.3.3/3.1.3.4

ESRS S3 ESRS-2 SBM-2 – SBM-3 – Strategy Section 3.1.3.5

ESRS S3 S3-1 – S3-5 Sections 3.1.3.1/3.1.3.5

ESRS S4 ESRS-2 SBM-2 – SBM-3 – Strategy Section 3.1.3.6

ESRS S4 S4-1 – S4-5 Section 3.1.3.6

ESRS G1 ESRS 2 GOV-1 – The role of administrative, management and supervisory bodies Section 3.1.4.1.1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS G1 ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities Section 3.1.4.1.3

ESRS G1 G1-1, G1-4, G1-6 Sections 3.1.4.1.4 to 3.1.4.1.9

ESRS G1 G1-5 – Political in ˳uence and lobbying activities Not material

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 208] 3.1.5.3 List of datapoints in cross-cutting and topical standards that derive from other EU legislation [ESRS 2 IRO-2]

SFDR reference

Pillar 3 reference

Benchmark regulation reference

EU climate law reference

Disclosure requirement Datapoint Description Section (1)

ESRS 2 GOV-1 21d Gender diversity in governance bodies • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 GOV-1 21e Percentage of board members who are independent • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 GOV-4 30 Statement on due diligence • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 SBM-1 40d i Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities • • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 SBM-1 40d ii Involvement in activities related to chemical production • • Not material

ESRS 2 SBM-1 40d iii Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons • • Not material

• Not material

ESRS 2 SBM-1 40d iv Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production of tobacco

ESRS E1-1 14 Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050 • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-1 16g Companies excluded from Paris-aligned Benchmarks • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-4 34 GHG emission reduction targets • • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-5 38 Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by sources (only high climate impact sectors)

• Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-5 37 Energy consumption and mix • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-5 40 to 43 Energy intensity of activities in sectors with a high climate impact • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-6 44 Gross Scope 1, 2 or 3 and Total GHG emissions • • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-6 53 to 55 Gross GHG emissions intensity • • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-7 56 GHG removals and carbon credits • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E1-9 66 Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to climate-related physical risks • Transitional provision

• Transitional provision

ESRS E1-9 66a, 66c Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute and chronic physical risk/ Location of signi ˱cant assets at material physical risk

ESRS E1-9 67c Breakdown of the carrying value of the undertaking’s real estate assets by energy-ef ˱ciency classes

• Transitional provision

ESRS E1-9 69 Degree of portfolio exposure to climate-related opportunities • Transitional provision

ESRS E2-4 28 Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation (European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register)

• Sustainability Statement

ESRS E3-1 9 Water and marine resources • Not material

ESRS E3-1 13 Related policies • Not material

ESRS E3-1 14 Practices related to sustainable oceans and seas • Not material

ESRS E3-4 28c Total percentage of water recycled and reused • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E3-4 29 Total water consumption in m 3 per net revenues in own operations • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 – SBM-3 E4

16a i - • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 – SBM-3 E4

16b - • Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2 – SBM-3 E4

16c - • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E4-2 24b Sustainable land/agriculture practices or policies • Not material

ESRS E4-2 24c Sustainable oceans/seas practices or policies • Not material

ESRS E4-2 24d Policies to address deforestation • Not material

[Page 209] SFDR reference

Pillar 3 reference

Benchmark regulation reference

EU climate law reference

Disclosure requirement Datapoint Description Section (1)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS E5-5 37d Non-recycled waste • Sustainability Statement

ESRS E5-5 39 Hazardous waste and radioactive waste • Not material

14f Risk of incidents of forced labor • Not material

ESRS 2 – SBM-3 S1

14g Risk of incidents of child labor • Not material

ESRS 2 – SBM-3 S1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S1-1 20 Human rights policy commitments • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S1-1 21 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labour Organization Conventions 1 to 8

• Sustainability Statement

ESRS S1-1 22 Processes and measures for preventing traf ˱cking in human beings • Not material

ESRS S1-1 23 Workplace accident prevention policy or management system • Sustainability Statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S1-3 32c Grievance/complaints handling mechanisms • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S1-14 88b, 88c Number of fatalities and number and rate of work-related accidents • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S1-14 88e Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness • Transitional provision

ESRS S1-16 97a Unadjusted gender pay gap • • Sustainability Statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S1-16 97b Excessive CEO pay ratio • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S1-17 103a Incidents of discrimination • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S1-17 104a Non-respect of UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and OECD Guidelines

• • Sustainability Statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS 2 – SBM-3 – S2

11b Signi ˱cant risk of child labor or forced labor in the value chain • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S2-1 17 Human rights policy commitments • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S2-1 18 Policies related to value chain workers • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and OECD Guidelines • • Sustainability Statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S2-1 19 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labour Organization Conventions 1 to 8 • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S2-4 36 Human Rights issues and incidents connected to its upstream and downstream value chain • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S3-1 16 Human rights policy commitments • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S3-1 17 Non-respect of UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, ILO Principles or and OECD Guidelines • • Sustainability Statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESRS S3-4 36 Human Rights issues and incidents • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S4-1 16 Policies related to consumers and end-users • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S4-1 17 Non-respect of UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and OECD Guidelines • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS S4-4 35 Human Rights issues and incidents • Sustainability Statement

ESRS G1-1 10b United Nations Convention against Corruption • Sustainability Statement

ESRS G1-1 10d Protection of whistleblowers • Sustainability Statement

ESRS G1-4 24a Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws • • Sustainability Statement

ESRS G1-4 24b Standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery • Sustainability Statement

(1) Refer to the “Disclosure requirement” column to identify where the datapoint appears in the Sustainability Statement.

[Page 210] 3.1.5.4 Core elements of due diligence - Cross-reference table [GOV-4]

Sections in the Sustainability Statement:

Due diligence process Disclosure requirements

General Environmental Social

3.1.1.3.3 3.1.2.2.1

a/ Embedding due diligence in governance, strategy and business model

ESRS 2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies

ESRS 2 GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes 3.1.1.3.2 3.1.2.1.2

ESRS 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model 3.1.1.4.2 3.1.2.1.1 3.1.2.2.4 3.1.3.2.1 3.1.3.3 3.1.3.4 3.1.3.5 3.1.3.6

b/ Engaging with affected stakeholders

3.1.1.3.3 3.1.2.2.1

ESRS 2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies

ESRS 2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders 3.1.1.2.3 3.1.3.2.1 3.1.3.3 3.1.3.5 3.1.3.6

ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities 3.1.1.4.1

ESRS 2 MDR-P: Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters

3.1.2.1.2 3.1.2.2.2 3.1.2.2.4 3.1.2.2.5

3.1.3.1 3.1.3.2.3 3.1.3.2.5 3.1.3.2.6 3.1.3.3 3.1.3.4 3.1.3.5 3.1.3.6

ESRS S1-2: Own workforce/own workers 3.1.3.2.3 3.1.3.2.4

ESRS S3-1: Affected communities 3.1.3.5

ESRS S4-2: Consumers and end-users 3.1.3.6

ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities 3.1.1.4.1 3.1.2.1.1 3.1.2.2.3 3.1.2.2.4 3.1.2.2.5

c/ Identifying and assessing adverse impacts on people and the environment

ESRS 2 SBM-3 : Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model

3.1.1.4.2 3.1.2.1.1 3.1.2.2.4 3.1.3.2.1 3.1.3.3 3.1.3.4 3.1.3.5 3.1.3.6

ESRS E1-1: Transition plan 3.1.2.1.3

d/ Taking action to address adverse impacts on people and the environment

ESRS 2 MDR-A: Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability matters 3.1.2.1.4 3.1.2.1.5 3.1.2.2.2 3.1.2.2.3 3.1.2.2.4 3.1.2.2.5

3.1.3.2.3 3.1.3.2.4 3.1.3.2.5 3.1.3.2.6 3.1.3.3 3.1.3.4 3.1.3.5 3.1.3.6

Monitoring of the human rights vigilance approach 3.1.3.1

Metrics and targets:

e/ Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts

• ESRS 2 MDR-M: Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters

• ESRS 2 MDR-T: Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets

3.1.2.1.4 3.1.2.1.5 3.1.2.1.6 3.1.2.2.2 3.1.2.2.3 3.1.2.2.4 3.1.2.2.5

3.1.3.2.1 3.1.3.2.3 3.1.3.2.4 3.1.3.2.5 3.1.3.2.6 3.1.3.3 3.1.3.5 3.1.3.6

[Page 211] 3.1.5.5 List of material priority sites [ESRS E4 SBM-3 16ai, ii, iii]

Global Business Unit Country Site Activity Sensitive areas Impact criticality Dependency criticality

Moderate High

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Local Energy Infrastructures France/ New Caledonia PRONY 3 WIND FARMS Wind power plant L’Îlot Casy (Réserve Spéciale Marine de la Baie de Prony) (IUCN cat II), Pic du Pin (IUCN cat IV), Lacs du Grand Sud Neo-Caledonien (RAMSAR), Grand Lagon Sud Marin (KBA)

Moderate High

Local Energy Infrastructures France/ New Caledonia MONT MAU WIND FARM Wind power plant L’Îlot Casy (Réserve Spéciale Marine de la Baie de Prony) (IUCN cat II), Pic du Pin (IUCN cat IV), Lacs du Grand Sud Neo-Caledonien (RAMSAR), Grand Lagon Sud Marin (KBA)

Moderate High

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Local Energy Infrastructures France/ New Caledonia PRONY 1&2 WIND FARMS Wind power plant L’Îlot Casy (Réserve Spéciale Marine de la Baie de Prony) (IUCN cat II), Pic du Pin (IUCN cat IV), Lacs du Grand Sud Neo-Caledonien (RAMSAR), Grand Lagon Sud Marin (KBA)

Moderate High

Local Energy Infrastructures France/ New Caledonia NEGANDI WIND FARMS Wind power plant Montagne des Sources (IUCN cat Ia), Parc Territorial de la Riviere Bleue (IUCN cat II), Reserve Spéciale de Faune de la Haute Yaté (IUCN cat IV), L'île de Bailly (IUCN cat V), L'île de Bailly (IUCN cat VI), Les Lacs du Grand Sud Neo-Caledonien (RAMSAR), Grand Lagon Sud Marin (KBA)

Very high Moderate

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks France FOSMAX LNG (FOS CAVAOU) LNG terminal Poste De Feuillane (IUCN cat IV), Camargue (IUCN cat V), Camargue (IUCN cat VI), Camargue (RAMSAR), Etangs de Citis, Lavalduc, Engrenier, Pourra, l’Estomac, Fos et salines de Rassuen et de Fos (KBA), Camargue (Natura 2000)

Very high Moderate

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks France FOS TONKIN TERMINAL LNG terminal Grands Paluds – Gonon (IUCN cat IV), Camargue (IUCN cat V), Camargue (IUCN cat VI), Camargue (RAMSAR), Marais entre Crau et Grand Rhône: Meyranne, Chanoine, Plan de Bourg et Salins du Caban (KBA), Marais entre Crau et Grand Rhone (Natura 2000)

Very high Moderate

Networks France MONTOIR-DEBRETAGNE TERMINAL

LNG terminal Estuaire de la Loire (IUCN cat IV), Brière (IUCN cat V), Brière (IUCN cat VI), Grande Brière (RAMSAR), Estuaire de la Loire (KBA), Estuaire de la Loire (Natura 2000)

High Moderate

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Nuke Belgium DOEL Nuclear Grenspark De Zoom – Kalmthoutse Heide (IUCN cat II), NBP-OV-23-0010G type 4 (IUCN cat IV), Schorren van de Beneden Schelde (RAMSAR), Schorren en Polders van de Beneden-Schelde (KBA), Schorren en Polders van de Beneden-Schelde (Natura 2000)

Renewables & Flex Power Australia PELICAN POINT Cogeneration/ trigeneration Torrens Island (IUCN cat III), Gulf St Vincent (KBA) High Moderate

Moderate High

Renewables & Flex Power Belgium DOUR Wind power plant Marais de Montroeul (IUCN cat IV), Scarpe-Escaut (IUCN cat V), Scarpe-Escaut (IUCN cat VI), Marais d’Harchies (RAMSAR), Bassin de la Haine (KBA),Vallée de la Haine en aval de Mons (Natura 2000)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

High Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power Canada WEST WINDSOR COGENERATION FACILITY

Cogeneration/ trigeneration Ojibway Prairie Provincial Park (Nature Reserve Class) (IUCN cat Ia), Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge (IUCN cat IV), Allen Woods (IUCN cat V), Allen Woods (IUCN cat VI), Detroit River (KBA)

Renewables & Flex Power Chile CHAPIQUIÑA Hydropower plant Precordillera de Putre (KBA), Lauca (MAB) High High

Moderate High

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewables & Flex Power Spain EL PATRON Wind power plant Marismas del Río Palmones (IUCN cat II), Los Alcornocales (IUCN cat IV), Los Alcornocales (IUCN cat V), Los Alcornocales (IUCN cat VI), Sierras de las Cabras, del Aljibe y de Montecoche (KBA), Intercontinental BR of the Mediterranean (MAB), Los Alcornocales (Natura 2000)

Moderate High

Renewables & Flex Power Spain CERRO CABELLO Wind power plant Marismas del Río Palmones (IUCN cat II), Los Alcornocales (IUCN cat IV), Los Alcornocales (IUCN cat V), Los Alcornocales (IUCN cat VI), Sierras de las Cabras, del Aljibe y de Montecoche (KBA), Intercontinental BR of the Mediterranean (MAB), Los Alcornocales (Natura 2000)

High High

Renewables & Flex Power Spain OLVERA Hydropower plant Huellas de Dinosaurios (IUCN cat III), Río Guadalimar (IUCN cat IV), Noreste de Jaén (KBA), Río Guadalimar (Natura 2000)

Low Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power Spain MERIDION CASAQUE. I Solar power plant Corredor Ecológico del Río Guadiamar (IUCN cat IV), Corredor verde del Guadiamar (IUCN cat V), Corredor verde del Guadiamar (IUCN cat VI), Doñana (RAMSAR), Condado – Campiña (KBA), Corredor Ecológico del Río Guadiamar (Natura 2000)

[Page 212] Global Business Unit Country Site Activity Sensitive areas Impact criticality Dependency criticality

Low Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power Spain MERIDION CASAQUE. II Solar power plant Corredor Ecológico del Río Guadiamar (IUCN cat IV), Corredor verde del Guadiamar (IUCN cat V), Corredor verde del Guadiamar (IUCN cat VI), Doñana (RAMSAR), Condado – Campiña (KBA), Corredor Ecológico del Río Guadiamar (Natura 2000)

Moderate High

Renewables & Flex Power United States DODGE CITY Wind power plant Theodore Roosevelt Island (IUCN cat III), Chesapeake and Ohio Canal (IUCN cat V), Chesapeake and Ohio Canal (IUCN cat VI), Lower C&O Canal (KBA)

Moderate High

Renewables & Flex Power France XANTON NORD Wind power plant Cavités Souterraines Des Pierrières (IUCN cat IV), Marais Poitevin (IUCN cat V), Marais Poitevin (IUCN cat VI), Plaine calcaire du sud Vendée (KBA), Marais poitevin (Natura 2000)

Low Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power France MAGNÉ FARM Solar power plant Landes de Cadeuil (IUCN cat IV), Estuaire De La Gironde Et Mer Des Pertuis (IUCN cat V), Estuaire De La Gironde Et Mer Des Pertuis (IUCN cat VI), Marais et estuaire de la Seudre (KBA), Landes de Cadeuil (Natura 2000)

Low Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power Italy PATERNO Solar power plant Salinelle di Paternò (IUCN cat V), Salinelle di Paternò (IUCN cat VI), Medio corso e foce del Simeto e Biviere di Lentini (KBA), Tratto di Pietralunga del Fiume Simeto (Natura 2000)

Low Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power Italy PONTINIA Solar power plant Riserva naturale Foresta Demaniale del Circeo (IUCN cat Ia), Parco Nazionale del Circeo (IUCN cat II), Monumento Naturale Campo Soriano (IUCN cat III), Monti Lepini (KBA), Monti Lepini (Natura 2000)

High Moderate

Renewables & Flex Power Netherlands EEMS Cogeneration/ trigeneration Niedersächsisches Wattenmeer (IUCN cat II), Waddenzee (IUCN cat IV), Krummhörn (IUCN cat V), Krummhörn (IUCN cat VI), Wadden Sea (RAMSAR), Waddenzee (KBA), Waddensea of Lower Saxony (MAB), Waddenzee (Natura 2000), Wadden Sea (UNESCO)

Moderate High

Renewables & Flex Power Netherlands EEMS WINDPARK Wind power plant Niedersächsisches Wattenmeer (IUCN cat II), Waddenzee (IUCN cat IV), Krummhörn (IUCN cat V), Krummhörn (IUCN cat VI), Wadden Sea (RAMSAR), Waddenzee (KBA), Waddensea of Lower Saxony (MAB), Waddenzee (Natura 2000), Wadden Sea (UNESCO)

High High

Renewables & Flex Power Peru QUITARACSA Hydropower plant Huascarán (IUCN cat II), Parque Nacional Huascarán y Zona de Amortiguamiento (KBA), Huascarán National Park (UNESCO)

N/A: Not available. Impact criticality and dependence levels are not available for 2024 for battery storage, power transmission lines, anaerobic digestion units and cold networks.

[Page 213] 3.1.5.6 Taxonomy tables

The tables in the pages below present the standard templates used for the publication of information related to 2025 data on the Revenues (turnover), CAPEX (CapEx) and OPEX (OpEx) indicators according to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2026/73 adopted on July 4, 2025, as well as the summary table.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2025

Breakdown by environmental objectives of Taxonomy-aligned activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Proportion of Taxonomy-eligible activities (3)

Taxonomy-aligned activities (4)

Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned activities (5)

Climate change mitigation (6)

Climate change adaptation (7)

Water (8)

Circular economy (9)

Pollution (10)

Biodiversity (11)

Percentage of enabling activities (12)

Percentage of transitional activities (13)

Not assessed activities considered non-material (14)

Taxonomy-aligned activities in 2024 (15)

Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned activities in 2024 (16)

KPI (1) Total (2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros % In millions of euros % % % % % % % % % % In millions of euros %

Turnover 71,944 26% 13,986 19% 19% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 8% 0% N/A 13,826 19%

CapEx 9,583 69% 5,813 61% 61% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 13% 0% N/A 7,576 62%

OpEx 4,952 60% 2,241 45% 45% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 25% 0% N/A 1,842 42%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 214] Proportion of Revenues from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025

Turnover

2025

Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities

Taxonomy-eligible KPI (Proportion of Taxonomy-eligible Turnover) (3)

Taxonomy-aligned KPI (Turnover in millions of euros) (4)

Taxonomy-aligned KPI – Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned Turnover (5)

Climate change mitigation (6)

Climate change adaptation (7)

Water (8)

Circular economy (9)

Pollution (10)

Biodiversity (11)

Enabling activities (12)

Transitional activities (13)

Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned in eligible activities (14)

Economic activities (1) Code (2)

Manufacture of energy ef ˱ciency equipment for buildings CCM 3.5 0% 97 0% 0% 0% 100%

Manufacture of hydrogen CCM 3.10 0% 1 0% 0% 0% 100%

Electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology CCM 4.1 1% 781 1% 1% 0% 100%

Storage of electricity CCM 4.10 1% 569 1% 1% 0% E 100%

Transmission and distribution networks for renewable and low‑carbon gases CCM 4.14 0% 308 0% 0% 0% 100%

District heating/cooling distribution CCM 4.15 3% 1,479 2% 2% 0% 76%

Electricity generation using concentrated solar power technology CCM 4.2 0% 74 0% 0% 0% 99%

Cogeneration of heat/cool and power from bioenergy CCM 4.20 0% 98 0% 0% 0% 98%

Production of heat/cool from solar energy CCM 4.21 0% 1 0% 0% 0% 100%

Production of heat/cool from bioenergy CCM 4.24 0% 10 0% 0% 0% 100%

Production of heat/cool using waste heat CCM 4.25 0% 10 0% 0% 0% 71%

Electricity generation from nuclear energy in existing installations CCM 4.28 1% 792 1% 1% 0% 100%

Electricity generation from fossil gaseous fuels CCM 4.29 4% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Electricity generation from wind power CCM 4.3 2% 1,355 2% 2% 0% 100%

High-ef˱ciency cogeneration of heat/cool and power from fossil gaseous fuels CCM 4.30 1% 172 0% 0% 0% T 27%

Production of heat/cool from fossil gaseous fuels in an ef˱cient district heating and cooling system CCM 4.31 0% 4 0% 0% 0% T 40%

Electricity generation from hydropower CCM 4.5 4% 2,681 4% 4% 0% 94%

Electricity generation from bioenergy CCM 4.8 0% 2 0% 0% 0% 4%

Transmission and distribution of electricity CCM 4.9 1% 430 1% 1% 0% 74%

Anaerobic digestion of bio-waste CCM 5.7 0% 41 0% 0% 0% 34%

Infrastructure enabling low-carbon road transport and public transport CCM 6.15 0% 34 0% 0% 0% E 46%

Urban and suburban transport, road passenger transport CCM 6.3 0% 0 0% 0% 0% T 0%

Installation, maintenance and repair of energy ef˱ciency equipment CCM 7.3 3% 1,682 2% 2% 0% E 83%

Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings (and in parking spaces attached to buildings) CCM/CCA 7.4 0% 2 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings CCM 7.5 0% 6 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies CCM 7.6 0% 166 0% 0% 0% E 99%

Data-driven solutions for GHG emission reductions CCM/CCA 8.2 0% 15 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Close to market research, development and innovation CCM 9.1 0% 0 0% 0% 0% E 0%

Professional services related to energy performance of buildings CCM/CCA 9.3 5% 3,174 4% 4% 0% E 97%

Sum of alignment by objective 100% 0%

TOTAL KPI (REVENUES) 26% 13,986 19% 19% 0% 8% 0% 76%

[Page 215] Proportion of Capital Expenditure (CapEx) from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – year 2025

CapEx

2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Taxonomy-eligible KPI (Proportion of Taxonomy-eligible CapEx) (3)

Taxonomy-aligned KPI (CapEx in millions of euros) (4)

Taxonomy-aligned KPI Proportion of taxonomy-aligned CAPEX (5)

Climate change mitigation (6)

Climate change adaptation (7)

Water (8)

Circular economy (9)

Pollution (10)

Biodiversity (11)

Enabling activities (12)

Transitional activities (13)

Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned in eligible activities (14)

Economic activities (1) Code (2)

Manufacture of energy ef ˱ciency equipment for buildings CCM 3.5 0% 6 0% 0% 0% 100%

Manufacture of hydrogen CCM 3.10 0% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology CCM 4.1 17% 1,636 17% 17% 0% 100%

Storage of electricity CCM 4.10 12% 1,142 12% 12% 0% E 100%

Transmission and distribution networks for renewable and low‑carbon gases CCM 4.14 3% 255 3% 3% 0% 100%

District heating/cooling distribution CCM 4.15 5% 343 4% 4% 0% 68%

Electricity generation using concentrated solar power technology CCM 4.2 0% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Cogeneration of heat/cool and power from bioenergy CCM 4.20 0% 3 0% 0% 0% 96%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Production of heat/cool from geothermal energy CCM 4.22 0% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Production of heat/cool using waste heat CCM 4.25 0% 6 0% 0% 0% 38%

Electricity generation from nuclear energy in existing installations CCM 4.28 1% 72 1% 1% 0% 100%

Electricity generation from fossil gaseous fuels CCM 4.29 5% 13 0% 0% 0% 3%

Electricity generation from wind power CCM 4.3 13% 1,200 13% 13% 0% 100%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

High-ef˱ciency cogeneration of heat/cool and power from fossil gaseous fuels CCM 4.30 0% 4 0% 0% 0% T 25%

Production of heat/cool from fossil gaseous fuels in an ef˱cient district heating and cooling system CCM 4.31 0% 4 0% 0% 0% T 98%

Electricity generation from hydropower CCM 4.5 10% 949 10% 10% 0% 100%

Transmission and distribution of electricity CCM 4.9 1% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Anaerobic digestion of bio-waste CCM 5.7 0% 28 0% 0% 0% 76%

Infrastructure enabling low-carbon road transport and public transport CCM 6.15 0% 27 0% 0% 0% E 100%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Installation, maintenance and repair of energy ef˱ciency equipment CCM 7.3 0% 29 0% 0% 0% E 62%

Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings (and in parking spaces attached to buildings) CCM/CCA 7.4 0% 1 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies CCM 7.6 0% -27 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Close to market research, development and innovation CCM 9.1 0% 1 0% 0% 0% E 83%

Professional services related to energy performance of buildings CCM/CCA 9.3 1% 122 1% 1% 0% E 90%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Sum of alignment by objective 100% 0%

TOTAL KPI (CAPEX) 69% 5,813 61% 61% 0% 13% 0% 88 %

[Page 216] Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – year 2025

OpEx

2025

Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities

Taxonomy-eligible KPI (Proportion of Taxonomy-eligible OPEX) (3)

Taxonomy-aligned KPI (OpEx in millions of euros) (4)

Taxonomy-aligned KPI - Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned OPEX (5)

Climate change mitigation (6)

Climate change adaptation (7)

Water (8)

Circular economy (9)

Pollution (10)

Biodiversity (11)

Enabling activities (12)

Transitional activities (13)

Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned in eligible activities (14)

Economic activities (1) Code (2)

Manufacture of energy ef ˱ciency equipment for buildings CCM 3.5 0% 4 0% 0% 0% 100%

Electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology CCM 4.1 2% 109 2% 2% 0% 99%

Storage of electricity CCM 4.10 1% 39 1 % 1% 0% E 100%

Transmission and distribution networks for renewable and low‑carbon gases CCM 4.14 2% 79 2% 2% 0% 100%

District heating/cooling distribution CCM 4.15 4% 159 3% 3% 0% 72%

Electricity generation using concentrated solar power technology CCM 4.2 0% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Cogeneration of heat/cool and power from bioenergy CCM 4.20 0% 3 0% 0% 0% 78%

Production of heat/cool from geothermal energy CCM 4.22 0% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Production of heat/cool using waste heat CCM 4.25 0% 3 0% 0% 0% 49%

Electricity generation from nuclear energy in existing installations CCM 4.28 1% 39 1 % 1% 0% 100%

Electricity generation from fossil gaseous fuels CCM 4.29 4% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Electricity generation from wind power CCM 4.3 7% 334 7% 7% 0% 97%

High-ef ˱ciency cogeneration of heat/cool and power from fossil gaseous fuels CCM 4.30 1% 5 0% 0% 0% T 10%

Production of heat/cool from fossil gaseous fuels in an ef˱cient district heating and cooling system CCM 4.31 0% 2 0% 0% 0% T 100%

Electricity generation from hydropower CCM 4.5 5% 244 5% 5% 0% 95%

Electricity generation from bioenergy CCM 4.8 0% 0 0% 0% 0% 5%

Transmission and distribution of electricity CCM 4.9 1% 5 0% 0% 0% 9%

Anaerobic digestion of bio-waste CCM 5.7 1% 0 0% 0% 0% 0%

Infrastructure enabling low-carbon road transport and public transport CCM 6.15 0% 15 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Installation, maintenance and repair of energy ef˱ciency equipment CCM 7.3 9% 307 6% 6% 0% E 68%

Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies CCM 7.6 3% 128 3 % 3% 0% E 99%

Close to market research, development and innovation CCM 9.1 0% 2 0% 0% 0% E 100%

Professional services related to energy performance of buildings CCM/CCA 9.3 18% 762 15% 15% 0% E 84%

Sum of alignment by objective 100% 0%

TOTAL KPI (OPEX) 60% 2,241 45% 45% 0% 25% 0% 76%

[Page 217] 3.1.6 Report on the certi ˱cation of sustainability information and veri˱cation of the disclosure requirements under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, relating to the year ended December 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This is a free translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the certi ˶cation of sustainability information and veri˶cation of the disclosure requirements under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the Company issued in French and it is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users.

This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and the H2A guidelines on “Limited assurance engagement - Certi˶cation of sustainability reporting and veri˶cation of disclosure requirements set out in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852".

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To the Annual General Meeting of ENGIE,

by ENGIE to determine the information reported, including, where applicable, the obligation to consult the social and economic committee provided for in the sixth paragraph of Article L. 2312-17 of the French Labor Code;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This report is issued in our capacity as statutory auditors of ENGIE. It covers the sustainability information and the information required by Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, relating to the year ended December 31, 2025, included in the management report and presented in Section 3.1 of the Universal Registration Document (hereinafter the “Sustainability Statement”).

• compliance of the sustainability information included in the Sustainability Statement with the provisions of Article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, including the ESRS; and

• compliance with the reporting requirements set out in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.

Our procedures, which relate to this information, have been performed in an evolving context characterized by uncertainties regarding the interpretation of the laws and regulations, and the development of established practices.

This engagement is carried out in compliance with the ethical rules, including independence, and quality control rules prescribed by the French Commercial Code.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pursuant to Article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code ( Code de commerce ), ENGIE is required to include the above-mentioned information in a separate section of its management report.

It is also governed by the H2A guidelines on Limited assurance engagement - Certi ˶cation of sustainability reporting and veri˶cation of disclosure requirements set out in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 .

This information enables an understanding of the impact of the Group’s activities on sustainability matters, as well as the way in which these matters in ˳uence the development of the Group’s business, its performance and position. Sustainability matters include environmental, social and corporate governance matters.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pursuant to Article L. 821-54 paragraph II of the aforementioned Code, our responsibility is to carry out the procedures necessary to issue a conclusion, expressing limited assurance, on:

In the three separate sections of the report that follow, we present, for each of the sections of our engagement, the nature of the procedures that we carried out, the conclusions that we drew from these procedures and, in support of these conclusions, the elements to which we paid particular attention and the procedures that we carried out with regard to these elements. We draw your attention to the fact that we do not express a conclusion on any of these elements taken individually and that the procedures described should be considered in the overall context of the formation of the conclusions issued in respect of each of the three sections of our engagement.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• compliance with the requirements set out in the sustainability reporting standards adopted by the European Commission pursuant to Article 29b of Directive (EU) 2013/34 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 2013, as amended by Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of December 14, 2022 (hereinafter ESRS for European Sustainability Reporting Standards) of the process implemented

Finally, where deemed necessary to draw your attention to one or more disclosures of sustainability information provided by ENGIE in its management report, we have included an emphasis of matter(s) paragraph hereafter.

Limits of our engagement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As the purpose of our engagement is to express limited assurance, the nature (choice of techniques), extent (scope) and timing of the procedures are less than those required to obtain reasonable assurance.

Our engagement does, however, allow us to express conclusions regarding the process for determining the sustainability information to be reported, the sustainability information itself, and the information reported pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, as to the absence of identi˱cation or, on the contrary, the identi˱cation of errors, omissions or inconsistencies of such importance that they would be likely to in˳uence the decisions that readers of the information subject to this engagement might make.

This engagement does not provide guarantee regarding the viability or the quality of the management of ENGIE, in particular it does not provide an assessment of the relevance of the choices made by ENGIE in terms of action plans, targets, policies, scenario analyses and transition plans, which would go beyond compliance with the ESRS reporting requirements.

Furthermore, as forward-looking information is inherently uncertain, actual future outcomes may differ, sometimes signi ˱cantly, from the forward-looking information presented in the management report.

Sustainability information and the information required under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 may be subject to inherent uncertainty arising from the state of scienti˱c knowledge and from the quality of the external data used. Certain information is sensitive to the methodological choices, assumptions and/or estimates applied in preparing it and presented in the management report.

[Page 218] Compliance with the requirements set out in the ESRS of the process implemented by ENGIE to determine the information reported, including the obligation to consult the social and economic committee provided for in the sixth paragraph of Article L. 2312-17 of the French Labor Code

Nature of procedures carried out

Elements that received particular attention

Our procedures consisted in verifying that:

The information relating to the absence of any change to the double materiality assessment for the 2025 year is presented in Section 3.1.1.1 “Methodological note” of the Sustainability Statement.

• the process de ˱ned and implemented by ENGIE, including the obligation to consult the social and economic committee provided for in the sixth paragraph of Article L. 2312-17 of the French Labor Code, has enabled it, in accordance with the ESRS, to identify and assess its impacts, risks and opportunities related to sustainability matters, and to identify the material impacts, risks and opportunities that led to the publication of sustainability information in the Sustainability Statement; and

Based on our professional judgment, our procedures consisted primarily of exercising professional skepticism when considering the Entity’s conclusion that no major event had occurred whose impact on the ENGIE Group’s structure or its business model would have been such as to change the ˱ndings of the double materiality assessment and the resulting disclosure requirements.

• the information provided on this process also complies with the ESRS.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out

On the basis of the procedures we have carried out, we have not identi ˱ed any material errors, omissions or inconsistencies regarding the compliance of the process implemented by ENGIE with the ESRS.

Compliance of the sustainability information included in the Sustainability Statement with the provisions of Article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, including the ESRS

Our procedures mainly consisted in assessing:

Nature of procedures carried out

Our procedures consisted in verifying that, in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, including the ESRS:

• based on discussions conducted with relevant individuals and, in particular, individuals in the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Department, whether the description of the policies, actions and targets implemented by ENGIE covers the following areas: climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation;

• the disclosures provided enable an understanding of the general basis for the preparation and governance of the sustainability information included in the Sustainability Statement, including the basis for determining the information relating to the value chain and the exemptions from disclosures used;

• the appropriateness of the information presented in Section 3.1.2.1, “Climate change [ESRS E1]” of the Sustainability Statement and its overall consistency with our knowledge of the Group.

• the presentation of this information ensures its readability and understandability;

With regard to the information reported as part of the greenhouse gas emissions assessment:

• the scope chosen by ENGIE for providing this information is appropriate; and

• we assessed the consistency of the scope considered to assess greenhouse gas emissions with the scope of the consolidated ˱nancial statements, as well as the approach adopted to determine whether ENGIE has operational control of non-consolidated entities;

• on the basis of a selection, based on our analysis of the risks of non-compliance of the information provided and the expectations of users, this information does not contain any material errors, omissions, inconsistencies, i.e. that are likely to in ˳uence the judgement or decisions of users of this information.

• we obtained an understanding of the calculation methodologies, and assessed:

Conclusion of the procedures carried out

• the main judgements and assumptions applied,

• the sources used for emission factors,

Based on the procedures we have carried out, we have not identi ˱ed material errors, omissions, inconsistencies regarding the compliance of the sustainability information included in the Sustainability Statement with the provisions of Article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, including the ESRS.

Elements that received particular attention

• the justi ˱cation for the inclusion or exclusion of the various categories and the transparency of the information provided in this respect, as indicated in paragraph “Methodology used to calculate the Group’s total GHG emissions” in Section 3.1.2.1.6, “Climate metrics [E1-5, E1-6]” and in paragraph “Use of estimates and judgments [BP-2 11]” in Section 3.1.1.1.2, “Disclosures in relation to speci˱c circumstances [BP-2]” of the Sustainability Statement;

Information provided in application of environmental standards (ESRS E1)

• we assessed the procedures for applying these calculation methodologies for a selection of emission categories and sites.

The information reported in respect of climate change is disclosed in Section 3.1.2.1 “Climate change [ESRS E1]” of the Sustainability Statement.

We present below the elements that received our particular attention regarding the compliance of this information with the ESRS.

[Page 219] With regard to the information reported in respect of the transition plan in Sections 3.1.2.1.3, “Transition plan [E1-1]” and 3.1.2.1.4, “Climate change mitigation and energy transition matters [E1-3, E1-4, E1-7, E1-8]” of the Sustainability Statement, our procedures mainly consisted in assessing:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• whether the key assumptions underpinning this plan are described in a transparent manner, it being speci ˱ed that we do not report on the appropriateness or the level of ambition of the targets of this transition plan. These assumptions relate in particular to the de˱nition and restatement of the 2017 baseline year and to the greenhouse gas emission reductions resulting from the various decarbonization levers between 2017 and 2025.

• whether the information disclosed in respect of the transition plan meets the disclosure requirement E1-1 in ESRS E1;

Compliance with the reporting requirements set out in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852

Nature of procedures carried out

Conclusion of the procedures carried out

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Our procedures consisted in verifying the process implemented by ENGIE to determine the eligible and aligned nature of the activities of the entities included in the consolidation.

Based on the procedures we have carried out, we have not identi ˱ed any material errors, omissions, inconsistencies relating to compliance with the requirements of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.

Elements that received particular attention

They also involved verifying the information reported pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, which involves checking:

We have determined that there are no such elements to include in our report.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

the compliance with the rules applicable to the presentation of this information to ensure that it is readable and understandable;

on the basis of a selection, the absence of material errors, omissions, inconsistencies in the information provided, i.e. information likely to in ˳uence the judgement or decisions of users of this information.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Paris-La Défense, March 6, 2026

The Statutory Auditors

DELOITTE & ASSOCIES ERNST & YOUNG et Autres

Laurence Dubois Nadia Laadouli Guillaume Rouger Sarah Kokot

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 220] 3.1.7 Reasonable assurance report of the statutory auditors of Engie on a selection of the Group’s social and environmental information for the year ended December 31, 2025

This is a free English translation of the report of the Statutory Auditors issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional standards applicable in France.

To the Chief Executive Of ˱cer,

• Social information:

• Group employees presented in the “Geographical distribution of the Group’s employees” paragraph of Section 3.1.3.2.2 of the Sustainability Statement;

• Group employees with a permanent contract and a ˱xedterm contract presented in the “Group workforce by type of contract” paragraph of the aforementioned section;

• number of female employees set out in the “Group workforce by gender” paragraph of the aforementioned section;

In our capacity as statutory auditors of Engie (hereinafter the “Entity”) and at your request, we have performed a reasonable assurance engagement on a selection of social and environmental information of the Group (hereinafter the “Information”) identi˱ed by the “ ☐☐ ” pictogram in the management report, in accordance with the rules set out in sections 3.1.1.1 and 3.1.2.1.4 (hereinafter the “Reporting Criteria”), included in the management report and set out in the “Sustainability Statement” section of the management report for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The following information is covered by our report:

• Environmental information:

• number of managerial employees, number of senior technicians and supervisors, and number of workers, employees and technicians set out in the “Group workforce by socio-professional category” paragraph of the aforementioned section;

• Scope 1 GHG emissions (in Mt CO 2 eq) and Scope 2 GHG emissions – Location-based (in Mt CO 2 eq) included in the “Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions [E1-6]” Note of Section 3.1.2.1.6 of the Sustainability Statement;

• percentage of female managers presented in the “Metrics and targets [S1-5, S1-9, S1-17]” paragraph of Section 3.1.3.2.4 of the Sustainability Statement.

Our engagement does not cover the other information included in the management report and, therefore, we do not express an opinion thereon.

• Scope 1 and 3.15 GHG emissions for energy production (in Mt CO 2 eq.) and share of renewable energy capacity in the electricity production mix (@ 100% and excluding energy storage) (%) presented in the “Targets related to climate change mitigation [E1-4]” Note of Section 3.1.2.1.4 of the Sustainability Statement.

Opinion in the form of reasonable assurance

In our opinion, the Information has been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting Criteria.

Limits inherent to the preparation of the Information

The Information may be subject to uncertainty inherent to the state of scienti ˱c or economic knowledge and the quality of the external data used. Some information is sensitive to the choice of methodology and the assumptions and/or estimates used for its preparation, and presented in the management report.

Responsibility of the Entity

The Entity’s Management is responsible for:

selecting or drawing up appropriate criteria to prepare the Information;

designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control as it considers necessary to prepare the Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

preparing the Information according to the Reporting Criteria;

Responsibility of the statutory auditors

It is our responsibility to:

As it is our responsibility to issue an independent opinion on the Information prepared by Management, we are not authorized to participate in the preparation of the Information, as this could compromise our independence.

• plan and perform the engagement to obtain reasonable assurance that the Information is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;

• express an independent opinion based on the evidence we have obtained;

• submit our opinion to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer of the Entity.

Professional standards applied

The work described below was performed in accordance with ISAE 3000 (revised) - Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information published by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). It does not constitute a certi ˱cation performed in accordance with the guidelines issued by the French High Audit Authority ( Haute Autorité de l’Audit , H2A).

[Page 221] Independence and quality control

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Our independence is de ˱ned by the provisions of Article L. 821-28 of the French Commercial Code ( Code de commerce ), the French Code of Ethics ( Code de déontologie ) for Statutory Auditors and the IESBA International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards).

In addition, we apply International Standard on Quality Management 1, which involves de ˱ning and implementing a quality control system that includes documented policies and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable ethical rules, professional standards and legal and regulatory texts.

Nature and scope of procedures

• consulted the documentary sources used and interviewed the relevant staff at Engie’s headquarters in order to analyze the deployment and application of the Reporting Criteria;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• implemented analytical review procedures on the Information and controlled the calculations and the consolidation of the Information by means of sampling;

A reasonable assurance engagement involves implementing procedures in order to obtain evidence regarding the Information. The nature, timing and extent of the procedures selected depend on our professional judgment, in particular our assessment of the risks of the Information containing material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error. In assessing these risks, we have also taken into account the internal control relevant for the preparation of the Information by the Entity. We have also:

• tested the Information, for a representative sample of entities we selected, based on their activity, their contribution to the consolidated Information, their location and a risk analysis;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• assessed the appropriateness of the Reporting Criteria with respect to its relevance, completeness, reliability, neutrality and clarity, by taking into consideration, when relevant, the sector’s best practices;

• conducted interviews to assess the proper application of the procedures, and conducted extensive substantive tests, using sampling techniques, to verify the calculations performed and reconcile data with supporting evidence.

• evaluated the set-up of a process to collect, compile, process and check the completeness and consistency of the Information;

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suf ˱cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Paris-La Défense, March 6, 2026

The Statutory Auditors

DELOITTE & ASSOCIES ERNST & YOUNG et Autres

Nadia Laadouli Laurence Dubois Sarah Kokot Guillaume Rouger

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 222] Vigilance Plan

3.2 VIGILANCE PLAN

business relationships. The scope of the plan covers serious violations relating to human rights and fundamental freedoms, the health & safety of individuals and the environment. The Group adheres to international standards, which it intends to apply as a minimum base wherever it operates.

In accordance with French Act No. 2017-399 of March 27, 2017 on the duty of vigilance of parent and ordering companies, this section presents the Group’s Vigilance Plan. More information as well as the policies and the Group’s actions are available in the section of the Group’s website dedicated to the duty of vigilance: https://www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/ vigilance-plan. Where relevant, references are made to certain sections of the Sustainability Statement (Section 3.1).

This plan is subject to regular dialogue with international trade union federations within ENGIE, as outlined in the Global Agreement signed in 2022. It covers all the measures established by ENGIE to prevent risks related to its activities, those of its controlled companies and the activities of subcontractors or suppliers with which it has established

The Group exercises vigilance through policies covering all vigilance matters. Each of these policies includes procedures for identifying and assessing risks. Objectives and monitoring and assessment processes are put in place on the basis of these procedures. The Vigilance Plan is completely integrated into the ethics organization and bene ˱ts from dedicated steering, governance and oversight (see Section 3.2.7.1 Steering and follow-up at the highest corporate level).

4 vigilance approaches

MANAGEMENT ENTRUSTED TO THE ETHICS, COMPLIANCE AND PRIVACY DEPARTMENT

Procurement

Environmental and social Human rights Health & safety

Procurement Department

ESG Department

Ethics Compliance & Privacy Department

Group Health & Safety and Projects Support Department

Each Department deﬁnes its vigilance approach via policies (the human rights vigilance policy,

CSR policies, health & safety policy, security policy, Procurement Charter). Compliance with these policies and with cross-functional ethical processes (due diligence policies,

whistleblowing system) enablesthe Group’s Vigilance Planto be rolled out effectively.

• RISK MAPPING

• MONITORING OF ROLL-OUT WITHIN THE ENTITIES

◦ Risk identiﬁcation and prioritization via each of the approaches/policies

◦ Ethics compliance report ◦ Internal control ◦ Grievance mechanisms

• RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES

• WHISTLEBLOWING AND ALERT REPORTING SYSTEM

◦ Group level, operational level (activities, projects, etc.)

Vigilance Monitoring Committee

◦ Group whistleblowing system ◦ Ad hoc systems

• ASSESSMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES, SUPPLIERS AND SUBCONTRACTORS

• ASSOCIATION OF STAKEHOLDERS

◦ Questionnaires for entities ◦ Responsible procurement ◦ Due diligence policies

◦ Global Agreement ◦ European Works Council ◦ Stakeholder committees

[Page 223] Vigilance Plan

3.2.1 Human rights vigilance approach

ENGIE’s Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department, attached to the Group’s Legal and Ethics Department, itself under the oversight of the Corporate Secretary, is directly responsible for the human rights component of the Vigilance Plan. It relies on the Legal and Ethics functional line, and on other departments concerned by human rights issues, such as the Human Resources Department.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.2.1.1 Gross risk mapping

a) Identi ˱cation of general areas

Given the Group’s activities, the areas in which the Group may potentially have negative impacts on human rights are as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Fundamental rights of workers Rights of local communities Supply chain/subcontracting/ partners

• Working conditions

• Supplier/subcontractor/partner practices

• Communities’ economic, social and cultural rights

• Traceability of products and services

• Equal treatment and opportunities for all

• Communities’ civil and political rights

• Other work-related rights

• Rights of indigenous peoples

• Working conditions in countries with weak regulatory oversight

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Safety and site security conditions

b) Analysis and prioritization by severity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the Human Rights Vigilance Policy, every year the entities must assess their activities (via the ERM process) with regard to their impacts on human rights by following the Group’s methodology via a dedicated selfdiagnostic questionnaire (see Section 3.1.4.1.2 Ethical risk assessment).

Entities assess gross risks based on the following risk factors: the country’s “human rights context”, reliance on subcontracting, worker-related characteristics, the presence of local communities and potential impacts on them, the potential use of armed security forces and the products/services used. The assessment of third parties (suppliers, subcontractors, partners, contractors, etc.) explicitly including human rights (see Section 3.2.5) as well as the Whistleblowing System (see Section 3.2.6), are also used to identify risks.

c) Gross risks related to human rights

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The results of the 2025 human rights risk analysis are presented below, consolidated at Group level.

Entities evaluate the likelihood of occurrence of negative consequences (from highly unlikely to likely) and the severity of the impact should it occur (number of persons affected, intensity of potential harm and irremediable character of the impact). The severity assessment takes into account the vulnerability of potentially impacted individuals.

Priority risks Impacts Risk factors

Working conditions of employees and subcontractors

Impacts on worker health, safety and physical security

Activities posing risks to workers’ health & safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Fundamental rights at work

Violations of workers’ fundamental rights

Vulnerability of speci ˱c worker populations

Operational presence in high-risk countries

Subcontracting in unmonitored conditions

Rights of local communities Impacts on local community living conditions

Inadequate management of industrial incidents

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Health, safety and physical security of local communities

Network activities and renewable energy operations

Impacts on local community land rights

Operational presence in high-risk countries

Indigenous populations

Human rights in energy supply chains Human rights violations

High-risk products

Environmental degradation

Suppliers’ operating countries

Forced labor, working conditions High-risk products or services

Human rights in non-energy supply chains

Suppliers’ operating countries

[Page 224] Vigilance Plan

3.2.1.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority human rights risks

a) Regular evaluation procedures for the Group and its subsidiaries

Application of the Human Rights Vigilance Policy and other Group policies dealing with human rights issues within their scope (see Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights) enables risk management for all the Group’s human rights issues.

The practices of the Group and its subsidiaries are evaluated notably through:

Further details on the Human Rights Vigilance Policy can be found in Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights.

• the annual ERM process for identifying human rights violation risks and evaluating practices, as described above (see “Analysis and prioritization by severity”);

Global Agreement

• the identi ˱cation of human rights violation risks associated with new projects and activities. Prior to developing new activities or entering a new country, all new projects and business relationships are subject to preliminary human rights risk analysis using a dedicated matrix designed to identify risk factors speci˱c to the prospective activity.

b) Comprehensive prevention and mitigation measures for priority human rights risks

Governance

The Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and ENGIE’s Social Responsibility (see Sections 3.1.3 Social information and Section 3.2.7.3 Stakeholder relations) also contributes to risk management. It enables the deployment of high standards in terms of labor relations and social rights through regular, open and constructive social dialogue. ENGIE, international trade union federations, French unions and representatives of the union organizations representing ENGIE at the international level, brought together in a special negotiating group, concluded this agreement in January 2022. It is available at: www.engie.com/en/news/internationalsocial-agreement.

See Section 3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct.

Awareness-raising tools

Human Rights Vigilance Policy

A training course on the Group’s human rights approach was developed in 2019. Open to all, it particularly targets operational staff and managers directly concerned by this topic. An e‑learning module on human rights for all employees has been also in use for several years now.

The Group’s regularly updated Human Rights Vigilance Policy, adopted in 2014, sets out the Group’s commitments and provides for regular processes to identify and manage risks. This policy is available on the Group’s website at: www.engie.com/ en/group/ethics-and-compliance/policies-and-procedures/ human-rights-referential.

In accordance with this policy, for each identi ˱ed risk, the Group’s entities de˱ne and implement speci˱c action plans to manage those risks at the operational level.

In 2023, the Group adopted a new Ethics Code of Conduct. This document, which replaces ENGIE’s Ethics Charter and Practical Guide to Ethics, sets out ENGIE’s ethical commitments. These commitments include compliance for human rights. The Ethics Code of Conduct, available in 15 languages, is published on the Group’s website at: https:// www.engie.com/en/group/ethics-and-compliance/code-ethicalconduct.

[Page 225] Vigilance Plan

c) Speci ˶c prevention and mitigation measures for priority gross risks to human rights

The majority of the Group’s activities take place in low-risk countries (based on the Maplecroft Index). For entities operating in high-risk countries, identi ˱ed risks are managed and controlled.

Priority risk Speci ˱c measures

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

General framework and commitments

• Integration of human rights principles into the Group’s Ethics Code of Conduct

Working conditions of employees and subcontractors

• Implementation of the Human Rights Vigilance Policy aligned with international standards (ILO, UN)

Fundamental rights at work

• Global Framework Agreement on fundamental rights and ENGIE’s social responsibility, including a section on quality of life at work, health & safety and psychosocial risks prevention

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Implementation of the European Agreement on Health & Safety and Quality of Life at Work and the European Social Agreement

• Implementation of speci ˱c agreements on gender equality in the workplace

• ENGIE’s commitment to the inclusion of people with disabilities through company policies and agreements

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Modern slavery risk prevention: the Group shares the objectives of the British Modern Slavery Act and takes measures to ensure modern slavery practices (including slavery, forced labor and human traf ˱cking) are eliminated from its operations and supply chain. ENGIE’s declaration on modern slavery is available at the following address: https://www.engie.com/en/group/ethics-andcompliance/policies-and-procedures/human-rights-referential

RH policies

• One ENGIE Compensation Policy

See Section 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue (covering social dialogue, respect for employee rights, social protection, employee savings and employee share ownership).

• Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

See Section 3.1.3.2.4 Diversity, equity and inclusion.

Preventing and combating harassment and all forms of discrimination apply both within the Group and for subcontractors’ employees. The Group has deployed guides reaf ˱rming its zero-tolerance principle throughout the world:

• a guide against all forms of discrimination against LGBTQ+ people in 2021;

• a guide on combating sexual harassment and sexist acts in 2022;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a guide to understanding and supporting different gender identities in 2023;

• a guide to preventing and combating racism in 2025.

Additional information is available in Section 3.1.3 Social information.

See Section 3.1.3.2 Own workforce for further details on other human resources policies.

Health & Safety Policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

See Sections 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary worker and 3.2.2 Health & safety vigilance approach for more information.

Security policy

• This policy aims to protect people, sites and information from malicious acts

See Section 3.1.4.3.2 Security of people, sites and information

Speci ˱c vigilance measures for subcontracting

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• For subcontractor health & safety, see the “Serious Subcontractor Accident” priority risk in Section 3.2.2 Health & safety vigilance approach

• Inclusion of ethics clauses in subcontracting agreements

Audits

• Social audits of high-risk sites as needed, such as social audits of ENGIE’s international customer service centers to identify non-compliance with local regulations or Group requirements. These audits foster dialogue with service providers on labor laws and international labor standards while addressing challenges encountered locally in terms of working conditions

Social dialogue and grievance mechanisms

• Promotion of dialogue with employee representatives at all levels and Group commitment to providing resources for responsible and fair social dialogue

• Whistleblowing system accessible by all employees and subcontractors

• Contractual provisions ensuring the prevention of human rights violations

• HSE and human rights training and awareness-raising for employees and subcontractors

[Page 226] Vigilance Plan

Priority risk Speci ˱c measures

General framework and commitments

Rights of local communities

The Group pays close attention to the impacts of its activities on local communities. It takes into account the situations of vulnerable people (such as indigenous peoples). The Group assesses the potential impact of its activity on communities and ensures that their expectations are taken into account through dialogue and consultation (see Section 3.1.3.5 Affected communities [ESRS S3]).

• Implementation of the Human Rights Vigilance Policy aligned with international standards (ILO, UN)

• Dialogue and consultation with local stakeholders, including operational grievance mechanisms for affected communities

• Group-wide deployment of internal tools from the Group Stakeholder Engagement Policy. These tools are based on current international standards such as ISO 26000 and AA1000. The engagement of affected communities must therefore be guaranteed throughout project life cycles. On a project-byproject basis and depending on the identi ˱ed risks, a strategy and an engagement plan are de˱ned in order to gather the views of the affected communities. The Stakeholder Engagement Policy can be consulted at the following address: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/˱les/assets/documents/ 2025-02/ENGIE%20-%20Stakeholder%20Engagement%20Policy.pdf

• Integration of duty of vigilance into project governance and decision-making processes

Operational measures

• Establishment of societal action plans outlining initiatives to be conducted in consultation with stakeholders

• Inclusion of Ethics clauses in contracts with service providers and suppliers, allowing for termination in the event of human rights violations

• Enhanced audits and due diligence for certain suppliers located in high-risk areas

• Certi ˱cation requirements for certain energy sources (biomass and other energy sources based on identi˱ed risk levels)

Grievance mechanisms

• Grievance mechanisms and ethics whistleblowing systems;

Section 3.1.3.5 Affected communities provides comprehensive details on risks related to the infringement of local community rights.

Priority risk Speci ˱c measures

Procurement-related risk; see Section 3.2.4 Procurement vigilance approach.

Human rights in energy and nonenergy supply chains

[Page 227] Vigilance Plan

3.2.1.3 Monitoring mechanisms, performance measurement and effectiveness reporting

The annual ethics compliance report (comprising quantitative and qualitative metrics) and the internal control system integrate the monitoring of processes described in the Human Rights Vigilance Policy (see Section 3.1.4.1.7 Controls and certi ˱cations).

Comprehensive monitoring and performance measurement framework

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Processes Metrics 2025 results

Annual ethics compliance report Percentage of entities covered by the annual human rights risk assessment 90.3%

100%

Percentage of partners veri ˱ed by due diligence procedures (with human rights risk) as part of the Group’s investment committees

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

88%

Dedicated internal control checkpoint (see Section 2.3) Percentage of entities that have assessed the rollout of the Human Rights Vigilance Policy and the implementation of the Vigilance Plan at their level as effective (1)

Percentage of activities with a stakeholder engagement plan 85%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Completion of ethics and human rights training Percentage of employees trained in ethics 93.45%

Number of employees trained by the Group (2) in human rights 3,627 employees, of whom approximately 60% hold operational functions and over half originate from high-risk entities

Number of employees trained via the Group’s e-learning module (3) 19,231

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Maximum level 4 according to the internal control reference system. (2) Other training sessions are also organized by the entities on human rights matters. (3) Other training sessions are also organized by the entities on human rights matters.

Each priority risk is monitored individually, as shown in the table below. Certain risks are also tracked under the 2022 Global Framework Agreement on fundamental rights and social responsibility.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 228] Vigilance Plan

Performance monitoring and measurement by priority risk

Risks Metrics 2025 results

Health & safety

Working conditions of employees and subcontractors

See Sections 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers and 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain

Fundamental rights

1.7 for a 1.7 maximum objective (stable compared with 2024: 1.7)

Lost Time Injury Rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors per million hours worked

1

Number of fatalities due to workrelated injuries among employees, temporary workers and subcontractors

0.003 (0.009 in 2024)

Fatality rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors (per million hours worked); annual target: zero

ENGIE Care program

Minimum level of social protection for all employees worldwide, see Section 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue

Fully paid maternity leave (14 weeks) 100% of employees covered in 2025

Fully paid paternity leave (four weeks) 100% of employees covered in 2025

Death bene ˱ts (12 months’ gross wages paid in the event of death) 100% of employees covered in 2025

Reimbursement of 75% of hospitalization costs 100% of employees covered in 2025

100% of employees covered in 2025

Disability allowances (12 months’ gross wages paid in the event of permanent total disability)

Gender diversity: Objective of 40% to 60% of women managers by 2030

See Section 3.1.3.2.4 Diversity, equity and inclusion

Percentage of female managers 33.1%

(32% in 2024)

Gender pay equity

See Section 3.1.3.2.4 Diversity, equity and inclusion

Pay gap between men and women 1.57%

(1.85% in 2024)

Annual societal performance measurement

Rights of local communities

85%

Level of deployment of stakeholder engagement plans (target: 100% by 2030)

Stakeholders’ Committee 1 (at Group level)

Procurement-related risks; see Section 3.2.4 Procurement vigilance approach

Human rights in energy and nonenergy supply chains

[Page 229] Vigilance Plan

3.2.2 Health & safety vigilance approach

3.2.2.1 Gross risk mapping

a) Identi ˱cation of general areas

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s activities may potentially have negative impacts on occupational health & safety in the following areas:

Harm to the health & safety of people

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Occupational accident Harm to health Industrial accident

Safety risks: Operational context risks: Risks related to industrial activities Examples of activities:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• examples of health risks: musculoskeletal disorders, psychosocial risks, exposure to carcinogenic, mutagenic or reprotoxic substances.

• operation of LNG terminals, underground gas storage facilities, gas transmission and distribution networks, boiler rooms and power plants, hydroelectric dams, heating networks, wind farms;

• services performed at a customer's industrial site;

• infrastructure construction.

• examples of risks: falls from height, road accidents, working near moving vehicles or equipment, electri ˱cation, electrocution, explosion, exposure to high pressure, trench collapse, ˱re, acute poisoning, suffocation, lack of oxygen, injuries relating to the use of tools or machinery, or to the lifting of equipment, falling objects, tools or equipment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

b) Analysis and prioritization by severity

c) Priority gross health & safety risks

For several years now, ENGIE has had a Health & Safety Group Rule that de ˱nes the minimum requirements for identifying, assessing and addressing risks related to health & safety at work (the GR04 rule).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This Group Rule details the ˱ve key steps in the risk management process:

The results of the 2025 occupational health & safety risks analysis are presented below, consolidated at Group level. Field reporting of health & safety events related to serious and fatal accidents (HiPo and LSR breaches) led the Group to identify several major risks in 2025 that could result in serious or fatal accidents among employees, temporary workers and subcontractors. In particular, these risks include:

• hazard identi ˱cation and risk assessment;

• fall from height;

• handling risks by applying the prevention hierarchy;

• electrocution;

• recording and follow-up;

• communication to the managers and operators concerned;

• being crushed when equipment or objects fall, including during load-lifting operation.

• regular reassessment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These three risks accounted for nearly 70% of events in 2025 that could have resulted in a serious or fatal accident (HiPo events and non-HiPo breaches of Life Saving Rules).

The Group also uses two speci ˱c metrics to assess the risk of serious and fatal accidents:

• the number of high-potential (HiPo) events, i.e., near-miss serious or fatal accidents, categorized by risk type (e.g., falls from height, electrocution, crushing by falling equipment or object, road risks);

The Group has also identi ˱ed a priority risk of serious or fatal accidents affecting subcontractors performing technical activities; historically, subcontractor fatalities have accounted for approximately three-quarters of the fatal accidents recorded by the Group.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Finally, the Group has identi˱ed psychosocial risk prevention as a priority theme for several years.

• the number of Life-Saving Rule (LSR) breaches that could potentially lead to serious or fatal accidents (e.g., LSRs concerning work at height, lifting operations or work on electrical installations).

The table below outlines the main priority occupational health & safety risks faced by the Group.

Regarding assessment of psychosocial risks, the Group conducts a major survey of all employees, called ENGIE&Me, every two years. It includes a series of questions directly related to employees’ quality of life at work. The answers to these questions allow each work group to assess its level of maturity in terms of quality of life at work, in line with the Group’s expectations.

[Page 230] Vigilance Plan

Priority risks Impacts Risk factors

Fall from height Sequelae or fatality • Cross-cutting risk inherent to numerous Group activities

• Insuf ˱cient risk awareness

• Person working at height without proper fall protection

• Fall through unprotected ˳oor opening or shaft

• Fall through fragile structure, such as skylight or false ceiling

Electrocution Sequelae or fatality • Cross-cutting risk inherent to numerous Group activities

• Failure to perform electrical lockout-tagout (LOTO)

• Failure to verify the absence of voltage

• Improper identi ˱cation of energized equipment

Sequelae or fatality • Cross-cutting risk inherent to numerous Group activities

• Person standing under a load being lifted or in a designated danger zone

• Unsecured equipment handling, posing a falling object risk to personnel

• Absence of marking or failure to respect exclusion zone

Crushing by falling equipment or objects (including during lifting operations)

• Absence of a lifting plan or inadequate plan

Serious or fatal subcontractor accident

Sequelae or fatality • Risk present in most of the Group’s technical activities involving subcontractors, particularly on construction projects

• Company not quali ˱ed by the Group for health & safety or unsuitable selection

• Failure to provide safety induction for subcontractors covering presentation of risks and of corresponding prevention measures

• For construction projects: lack of or inadequate onboarding of subcontractors prior to the commencement of works

• Insuf ˱cient works supervision

• Absence of or inadequacy regarding safety visits and other principalmandated managerial safety rituals

• Excessive mental load leading to burnout risk

Psychosocial risks • Decline in occupational well-being

• Impacts on mental health

• Work-life imbalance caused by factors such as excessive workload, blurring of boundaries between professional and private spheres or hyper-connectivity

• Increased accident risk

• Inadequate consideration of psychosocial risks in entity reorganization projects

• All forms of violence (physical and verbal, internal and external)

d) Priority gross industrial accident risks

Among the industrial accident risks to which the Group is exposed (see Section 2.2.5.3 Risk of industrial accident) are listed speci ˱c risks related to the operation of gas transmission networks and to the operation of gas distribution networks. Network operations may result in gas leaks leading to ˱re or explosion. Various risk factors are presented in the following table:

Priority risks Impacts Risk factors

• Sequelae or fatality

• Structural damage caused by external interference (e.g., strikes during excavation or earthworks) or natural phenomena (e.g., landslides, soil movement)

Fire or explosion in a gas transmission network

• Property damage or destruction

• Damage related to the aging of transmission assets

• Operational damage (e.g., equipment failure)

• Sequelae or fatality

• Structural damage caused by external interference (e.g., strikes during excavation or earthworks) or natural phenomena (e.g., landslides, soil movement)

Fire or explosion in a gas distribution network

• Property damage or destruction

• Damage related to the aging of distribution assets

• Operational failures (e.g., device fault, such as valves or meters; incidents during interventions)

[Page 231] Vigilance Plan

3.2.2.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority health & safety risks

a) Regular evaluation procedures of the situation of the Group and its subsidiaries

• Group Rules and thematic standards that de ˱ne the requirements to be met by entities and operators, including employees, subcontractors and temporary workers;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• action plans designed to control risks including programs to train employees and raise awareness among operators;

The Group has established several mechanisms to evaluate the control of serious and fatal accident risks within its subsidiaries and entities, in addition to the measures implemented locally.

• quantitative reporting in the form of metrics and qualitative reporting, enabling the escalation and analysis of incidents and accidents, as well as the identi ˱cation of events organized by the entities;

Each entity is required to conduct an annual assessment of its health & safety risk exposure and update its risk register in accordance with the Group Rule on health & safety risk assessment and control (GR04).

• actions to verify implementation in the ˱eld of the Group’s expectations in the form of safety visits, audits and inspections.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Five Safety Essentials

Exposure to serious and fatal accident risks is also assessed through the reporting of HiPo (events with high-potential of severity) and of Life Saving Rule breaches.

In addition to these general measures, the Group has de ˱ned and deployed the five Safety Essentials, which are the behaviors that must be implemented by employees, temporary workers and subcontractors working for the Group to combat serious and fatal accidents. These are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• compliance with the nine Life-Saving Rules;

ENGIE implements an internal safety audit process to evaluate and support entities in their management of serious and fatal accident risks. This process aims to audit the Group's various activities presenting major health & safety risks over a ˱ve-year cycle. These audits serve to identify best practices and areas for improvement, formalized in recommendations prioritized according to the severity of the ˱ndings in terms of potential consequences.

• the identi ˱cation and handling of HiPo (events with high potential of severity) and other incidents related to the prevention of serious accidents (e.g., a Life Saving Rule breach);

b) Comprehensive prevention and mitigation measures for priority health & safety risks

• “Stop the Work” if safety conditions are not met;

Governance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Last Minute Risk Assessment to be carried out before starting or resuming any activity;

Various governance bodies monitor the Group’s health & safety performance:

• the Group Health & Safety Management Committee;

• Shared Vigilance, which involves also ensuring the safety of people working in the same environment.

• the Executive Committee;

• the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Board of Directors.

HiPo events must be the subject of a root cause analysis within one month. Compliance with this requirement is tracked via a speci ˱c indicator. This analysis of the causes makes it possible to identify corrective actions designed to prevent the recurrence of HiPo, actions ranked in order of priority.

ENGIE One Safety transformation plan

In 2025, the Group continued the rollout of its ENGIE One Safety transformation plan, which aims to sustainably eliminate serious and fatal accidents through the following actions:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group Health & Safety Management Committee chaired by the Group’s Health & Safety Vice-President, including the health & safety managers of the GBU, Tractebel and the Nuclear BU, meets monthly. This committee sets indicators to be monitored and objectives to be achieved, decides on actions to be implemented and ensures the operational rollout of the Group’s health & safety transformation plan, ENGIE One Safety.

In addition, the Group's health & safety results and the implementation of the ENGIE One Safety transformation plan are regularly presented to employee representative bodies.

• completion of the new training-coaching program for all Group managers called “ENGIE One Safety Culture”, which aims to improve the effectiveness of managerial safety rituals such as safety visits, toolbox talks and performance reviews. Since the program was launched, 10,501 managers have been trained and 6,801 have been coached;

Policy and general framework

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Protecting the health & safety of people is an absolute priority for the Group. In order to achieve its prevention objectives, the Group has put in place the following provisions:

• evaluation of the Group’s transparency culture ("Speak-Up Culture") as perceived by employees through a dedicated survey: “does the work environment allow everyone to speak up with con ˱dence, share ideas and voice concerns or dif˱culties without fear of negative consequences?”;

• revision of the Group Rule on Just and Fair Culture in Health & Safety (GR14) to shift the focus of rule-breach management toward causes identi ˱cation and implementation of corrective actions to prevent recurrence.

• a Health & Safety Policy that identi ˱es issues, sets ambitions and de˱nes the levers for action. This policy has the particularity of having been the subject of a global agreement with employee representatives. It is integrated into the ENGIE Global Framework Agreement on Fundamental Rights and Social Responsibility published in 2022. This agreement, incorporating the Health & Safety Policy in its appendix, is available on the Group’s website at: www.engie.com/en/news/international-social-agreement.

[Page 232] Vigilance Plan

Awareness-raising tools

• organization of the Global Health & Safety Week to enhance the prevention culture; the 2025 edition was dedicated to promoting Shared Vigilance, one of the Group’s five Safety Essentials;

Health & safety communication and awareness processes, tailored for Group employees, temporary staff and subcontractors, take various formats:

• organization of a Safety Stand Down in October to commemorate victims of fatal accidents and reinforce team engagement; in 2025, a speci ˱c focus was placed on the "No Mind At Risk" prevention axis;

• communication and awareness campaigns focused on risks prevention; two campaigns were rolled out in 2025, one dedicated to road safety and the other to psychosocial risks prevention;

• health & safety toolbox talks, providing exchange opportunities within teams to address activity-speci ˱c topics and strengthen individual and collective involvement.

• publication of the "Prevention News" newsletter focused on preventing accidents – particularly serious and fatal incidents – and the "No Mind At Risk" newsletter dedicated to improving quality of life at work and psychosocial risks prevention;

c) Speci ˱c prevention and mitigation measures by priority health & safety risk

The following table outlines speci ˱c prevention actions for the priority health & safety risks identi˱ed by the Group.

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

Fall from height • Application of the prevention hierarchy: adapting activities to eliminate fall risk; if not possible, implementing collective protections; otherwise, using personal protective equipment such as harness-lanyard systems

• Compliance with the “Clip on your harness when working at height” Life-Saving Rule

• Implementation of a Work at Height standard, a standard for work on masts and pylons, a standard for rooftop solar activities and technical instructions tailored to the type of work at height

• Training on the use of safety equipment such as harness-lanyard systems

• Achievement by management of Life Saving Checks (LSC=inspection) dedicated to work at height

• Reporting and subsequent analysis of HiPos (near-fatal incidents) and of Life Saving Rule (LSR) breaches regarding work at height to implement corrective actions and prevent recurrence

Electrocution • Training and eletriccal accreditation based on the type of intervention

• Compliance with the “Verify that there is no live energy before starting work” Life-Saving Rule

• Implementation of thematic technical instructions (e.g., equipment lockout, absence-of-voltage veri ˱cation, grounding/earthing, work in false ceilings).

• Implementation of a work permit system based on the type of installation on which the work is carried out

• Achievement by management of Life Saving Checks (LSC=inspection) dedicated to work on electrical installations

• Reporting and subsequent analysis of HiPos (near-fatal incidents) related to electrical risks and of LSR breaches regarding absence-of-voltage veri ˱cation in order to implement corrective actions and prevent recurrence

• Compliance with the “Do not walk or stand under a load” Life-Saving Rule

• Implementation of the technical guide on lifting operations

• Achievement by management of Life Saving Checks (LSC=inspection) dedicated to lifting operations

Crushing by falling equipment or object (including during lifting operation)

• Reporting and subsequent analysis of HiPos (near-fatal incidents) involving lifting operations or falling equipment/object and of lifting-related LSR breaches in order to implement corrective actions and prevent recurrence

[Page 233] Vigilance Plan

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

Serious or fatal subcontractor accident

• Implementation of the Group Rule on subcontractor health & safety management (GR02), encompassing quali ˱cation, selection, contracting, onboarding, start of works, coordination, supervision and ˱nal health & safety performance evaluation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Integration of Group requirements for preventing serious and fatal accidents into contracts based on subcontractor type

• Managerial safety rituals conducted jointly with subcontractor management to evaluate risks control levels and identify necessary corrective actions

• ENGIE One Safety website outlining the Group’s core expectations for preventing serious and fatal accidents and providing subcontractors with the online "ENGIE One Safety Induction" on the Safety Essentials. The website can be accessed via the following link: https://onesafety.engie.com

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Psychosocial risks • Nine commitments for improved quality of life at work (QLW) initiative, covering all areas of QLW, which every Group employee is encouraged to adopt

• Internal control questionnaire on psychosocial risks management (INCOME/COR8c), allowing entities to self-assess and identify corrective actions

• Deployment of a new mandatory e-learning awareness-raising module for all Group employees

• De ˱nition of a new Group-level plan in 2025 to strengthen psychosocial risks prevention

• Local prevention actions implemented within entities to best address cultural and geographic aspects

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

d) Speci ˱c prevention and mitigation measures by priority industrial accident risk

The following table provides a non-exhaustive list of key prevention actions for ˱res and explosions in gas transmission and distribution networks. Other actions are implemented by network-operating entities based on the local environment and network characteristics.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

• Asset damage prevention plan

Fire or explosion in a gas transmission network

• Pipeline integrity management plan (including smart pigging inspections and cathodic protection monitoring)

• Asset renewal and rehabilitation: infrastructure modernization and replacement of aging or degraded sections

• Continuous network monitoring via supervision centers

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Emergency management plans developed with emergency services, including regular drills

• Personnel training plan and skills development

• Audit campaigns and internal controls

• Asset damage prevention plan

Fire or explosion in a gas distribution network

• Distribution network integrity management plan (systematic leak detection, targeted inspections, cathodic protection monitoring, leak management)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Renewal and rehabilitation of distribution networks: replacement of aging pipelines; modernization of service lines and equipments

• Emergency management plans developed with emergency services, including regular drills

• Training plan and skills development

• Audit campaigns and internal controls

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 234] Vigilance Plan

3.2.2.3 Monitoring mechanisms, performance measurement and effectiveness reporting

The Group’s 2025 results regarding fatal accidents are as follows:

• timely completion rate (within one month) of root causes analysis of high-potential events (HiPo);

• number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries among Group employees, temporary workers and subcontractors was one (1) (three in 2024), versus a target of zero;

• timely implementation rate (within one month) of priority 1 corrective actions following a serious or fatal accident;

• timely implementation rate (within one month) of priority 1 corrective actions following a HiPo event;

• a fatality rate for employees, temporary workers and subcontractors of 0.003 (0.009 in 2024) versus a target of zero. This rate is calculated as follows, including data on employees, temporary workers and subcontractors:

• timely implementation rate (within three months) of priority 1 corrective actions de ˱ned following major risk audits.

Fatality rate = (Number of work-related fatalities) x10⁶ / Number of hours worked

The Group monitors several metrics related to the prevention of serious and fatal accidents:

These indicators serve to ensure that serious and fatal accidents and potentially serious events (HiPos) are thoroughly analyzed and that corrective actions are identi˱ed and implemented to prevent recurrence.

• timely completion rate (within one month) of root causes analysis of serious and fatal accidents;

Comprehensive monitoring and performance measurement framework

Processes Metrics 2025 target 2025 results

Root causes analysis (RCA) of serious and fatal accidents Timely causes analysis completion rate 100% 95%

Root causes analysis (RCA) of high-potential events (HiPo) Timely causes analysis completion rate 80% 86%

Implementation of priority 1 corrective actions following a serious or fatal accident Timely implementation rate of priority 1 corrective actions 100% 36%

Implementation of priority 1 corrective actions following a HiPo event Timely implementation rate of priority 1 corrective actions 100% 62%

Implementation of priority 1 corrective actions following major risk audits Timely implementation rate of priority 1 corrective actions 100% 100%

Finally, ENGIE conducts internal audits of major risks to assess the effective level of control over serious and fatal accident risks within entities and in the ˱eld.

In 2025, ENGIE conducted 31 audits on major health & safety risks that helped operating entities improve and supplement the measures already in place.

(1) One person died in 2025 while working for a Group subcontractor. Please note: one employee died in the workplace but no direct link to the employee’s professional activities could be formally established. From a legal point of view, the case is still under investigation at the date of publication of this document.

[Page 235] Vigilance Plan

3.2.3 Environmental vigilance approach

3.2.3.1 Gross risk mapping

a) Identi ˱cation of general matters

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s primary environmental matters are:

Environmental matters for ENGIE

Climate change (GHG) mitigation and energy transition

Air, soil and water pollution

Preserving freshwater resources

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Ecosystem degradation and biodiversity loss

Resource management: waste reduction and circular economy

b) Analysis and prioritization by severity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As it relates to freshwater, the main associated risk is the risk of water shortages in water-stressed areas or in the event of drought. Many of the Group’s processes require water to operate (thermal power plants, hydroelectricity, heating and cooling networks, LNG terminals, etc.). This risk is monitored via an annual analysis of sites located in water-stressed areas, ad hoc analyses for projects under development and the implementation of environmental action plans.

The risks of negative impacts related to environmental matters are integrated into the Group’s overall annual Enterprise Risk Management Policy, which provides a speci ˱c framework for risk governance and control (see Section 2.1 Risk management process). Gross risk assessment is based on activity type, country, precise site location, international data and climate scenarios established in partnership with Institut Pierre-Simon Laplace experts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In terms of biodiversity, the Group carries out annual or ad hoc assessments of the proximity of its sites to biodiversity hotspots (IUCN categories I to VI, Ramsar zones, natural and mixed UNESCO sites, Man and the Biosphere (MAB) zones, Key Biodiversity Areas and Natura 2000 sites). This analysis also takes into account matters relating to threatened species and the ecological integrity of ecosystems.

Risk factors are used to assess gross risk relative to Group activities. The presence of one or more risk factors triggers an evaluation of the likelihood of occurrence and severity (measured by the number of people affected and the irremediable character) of negative impacts. A scale ranging from “highly unlikely” to “likely” is used for likelihood and “low impact” to “catastrophic impact” for severity.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As regards the circular economy, the main risk is related to the waste generated by the Group’s activities, in particular during dismantling operations. This waste is monitored locally and quantities reported annually.

c) Priority gross environmental risks

Climate risk analysis covers two dimensions: mitigation (reviewed quarterly) and adaptation (reviewed annually). Other environmental risks are reviewed annually for existing projects and projects subject at least to GBU executive committee approval. Environmental risk management is addressed both globally and locally in order to identify projects and sites at risk, and to establish action plans.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Priority gross risks correspond to the material negative impacts identi ˱ed during the double materiality assessment conducted by the Group in 2023-2024 (see Section 3.1.1.4 Double materiality process). The results con˱rm that material negative impacts related to Group activities concern climate change mitigation, pollution, freshwater, biodiversity and ecosystems, and resource use and the management of waste from dismantling operations.

In terms of pollution, the risks associated with the Group’s activities are mainly related to emissions of atmospheric pollutants (NOx, SOx, particulate matter). To a lesser extent, the Group’s activities can also present risks of water pollution (discharges from thermal power plants, LNG terminals or desalination plants) and, in the event of accidental spills, pollution of soil.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 236] Vigilance Plan

Priority risks Material negative impacts Risk factors

Amendments to regulations

Climate change mitigation

Delay in achieving the Group’s decarbonization pathway

Climate change due to GHG emissions generated by the combustion of fossil fuels for the production and sale of energy (mainly electricity and gas)

Industrial pollution Soil and water pollution from direct operations with an impact on human health or ecosystems Poor knowledge of industrial pollution regulations

Poor knowledge of the impact of industrial pollution on the health of local communities

Poor management of pollution problems

Soil and water pollution, including raw material extraction areas, with an impact on human health or ecosystems as a result of the value chain

Insuf ˱cient monitoring of developments in knowledge regarding pollutants and micropollutants (measurement and impacts)

Air pollution caused by smoke emissions from thermal combustion (NOx, SOx, PM, etc.), which may affect human health and ecosystems

Fresh water Signi ˱cant use of fresh water to cool thermal and nuclear power plants and operate LNG terminals Water use restrictions (shortages, river temperatures)

Con˳icts over water use

Poor knowledge of new regulatory requirements

Signi˱cant consumption of fresh water for the extraction of raw materials in the value chain, including fuels

Biodiversity and ecosystems

Impact of construction sites on habitats, ˳ora and fauna

Poor knowledge of biodiversity regulations

Disturbance of terrestrial and aquatic environments/land arti˱cialization, related to the operation of industrial sites (including offshore wind farms, etc.)

Destruction of biodiversity at raw material extraction and processing sites throughout the Group’s value chain

Resource use and circular economy

Pressure on resources, con ˳icts of use and geopolitical issues Competition with agriculture and the wood industry for biomethane production

3.2.3.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority environmental risks

ESG policies

a) Comprehensive prevention and mitigation measures for priority environmental risks

Comprehensive prevention and mitigation measures for priority environmental risks rely on dedicated governance, Group policies, processes, tools, awareness initiatives, stakeholder dialogue, and program and performance monitoring via metrics and targets.

Governance

The Group’s ESG Policies guide the vigilance process with regard to environmental and social matters (see Section 3.1). These are broken down into topical policies on climate, water and oceans, anti-pollution, biodiversity, circular economy and forests. They also de ˱ne the processes relating to risk identi˱cation and action plan implementation at various levels to avoid, reduce, and if necessary, offset the environmental impacts of the Group’s activities. The policy is available at: https://www.engie.com/en/ group/social-responsibility/csr-publications

Awareness-raising tools

Since 2021, the ENGIE Sustainability Academy has developed e-learning modules on climate, biodiversity, stakeholder engagement and the ESG matrix in investment decisions. These modules target operational employees and managers directly concerned by this subject.

The Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Department, reporting to the Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, Procurement and ESG, manages climate, nature and societal challenges at Group level. It leads and coordinates a network of Sustainability Of ˱cers covering environmental and social matters. ESG is organized at GBU, country and local entity levels. The Sustainability Of˱cers are responsible for ensuring that policies are properly implemented, that objectives are met and that performance is measured within their respective areas.

Sections 3.1.2.1.2 Governance and policies and 3.1.2.2.1 Governance of relevant matters detail climate and nature-related governance respectively.

As part of the rollout of the new ESG functional line, training sessions on ESG topics were organized throughout the year to ensure that policies were properly understood and their implementation explained. Webinars were also offered to Business Developers to explain the various environmental and societal criteria, and the expectations with regard to environmental and societal policies.

[Page 237] Vigilance Plan

b) Speci ˱c prevention and mitigation measures by priority environmental risk

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

Climate change mitigation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE recognizes the threat posed by climate change as detailed in the 1.5°C report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Controlling greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions is a major challenge for the Group. ENGIE has set emissions reduction targets in line with the Paris Agreement. In May 2021, the Group committed to achieving the 2045 Net Zero Carbon objective for all its direct and indirect emissions. All targets are available in Section 3.1.2.1.4 Targets related to climate change mitigation.

The actions taken to achieve these objectives can be found in Section 3.1.2.1.4 List of actions for implementing policies. The main actions are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• exiting coal by 2027 at the latest, with the following order of merit: closure, conversion, then, if this is not possible, sale, ensuring continuous stakeholder engagement as part of a just transition approach (see Section 3.1.3.1 Respect for human rights - Just Transition Policy);

• reducing, greening or decarbonizing gas consumption and sales, while producing green and decarbonized gas;

• greening or decarbonizing electricity and heat production, sales and consumption;

• transitioning energy networks (and in particular reducing methane emissions from gas networks).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group has also developed management tools, which are described in Section 3.1.2.1.3 Transition plan. The main tools are:

• the de ˱nition of limits on the main GHG emissions contributors from its activities (energy, gas and electricity generation). They are set as milestones throughout the Group’s Net Zero Carbon pathway (2030, 2035, 2040, 2045) and allocated to each GBU;

• the monitoring of these limits, which is ensured each year as part of the Medium Term Plan, through which the GBU develop their decarbonization business strategy to stay within the limits set;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the infra-annual monitoring of emissions that is carried out via a quarterly survey of the main emissions contributors. It is integrated into the managerial dialogue on operational and ˱nancial performance as part of the Quarterly Business Reviews;

• in addition, any new investment decisions must be made in accordance with the limits allocated to the GBU.

Industrial pollution • Once the risks of water, air or soil pollution have been identi ˱ed, they are addressed through mitigation actions (avoid, reduce, compensate) integrated into environmental action plans.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• To minimize the risk of air, water and soil pollution, application of safety protocols and risk management strategies, including preventive maintenance and the use of best available techniques.

Actions include:

• including air, water and soil pollution matters in project development;

• improving diagnosis/inventory of air, water and soil pollutants linked to industrial processes;

• remediation of former gas sites.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 238] Vigilance Plan

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

Fresh water Identi ˱cation measures are as follows:

• Group sites using freshwater located in areas of high or extreme water stress are identi ˱ed and reviewed annually.

Actions include:

• implementing water action plans to reduce impact on the resource, while considering the watershed context and local stakeholders. These actions are integrated into environmental action plans;

• identifying and carrying out actions to reduce freshwater consumption at existing sites;

• for each new project under examination, analyzing the water management risks and opportunities, and identifying actions to be taken in line with the avoid-reduce-compensate approach;

• for water-stressed sites: implementing action plans to help reduce pressure on freshwater resources at watershed level.

Identi ˱cation measures are as follows:

Biodiversity and ecosystems

• for each Group activity, identifying material negative impacts related to land degradation, deserti ˱cation or soil sealing, see Section 3.1.2.2.4 Biodiversity and ecosystems;

• establishing a list of material priority sites, categorized by identi ˱ed impacts, dependencies and sensitive areas impacted. These sites are assessed based on ˱ve levels of criticality, see Section 3.1.2.2.4 Biodiversity and ecosystems;

• carrying out dependency analyses regarding biodiversity and ecosystems across the value chain using the LEAP method and the Global Biodiversity Score.

Actions include:

• implementing action plans at material priority sites;

• applying the avoid-reduce-compensate sequence to development projects;

• implementing ecological management for all the Group’s industrial activities, in particular without the use of chemical phytosanitary products;

• implementing Nature-Based Solutions (NBS).

Resource use and circular economy

• Waste management is carried out in accordance with the order of eight actions de ˱ned in the policy: eco-design, preservation, optimization, reuse, repair, recycling, innovation, empowerment. As with other environmental matters, risk mitigation actions are included in environmental action plans.

Actions include:

• continuing to implement the Material Risks Passport;

• promoting the circular economy and natural resources dimension in LCAs (resource optimization, waste reduction, carbon footprint reduction, value chain improvement, regulatory and societal expectations);

• developing energy recovery from industrial and tertiary processes, using local resources.

[Page 239] Vigilance Plan

3.2.3.3 Monitoring mechanisms, performance measurement and effectiveness reporting

An annual internal control process evaluates the implementation of policies, objectives and action plans.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Each Global Business Unit (GBU), subsidiary and site is responsible for the local implementation of topical ESG policies, ESG processes and Group objectives. Annual progress toward these objectives is formally presented to and reviewed by the Executive Committee, the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee and the Board of Directors.

ENGIE integrates ESG considerations throughout the entire project lifecycle – from pre-development and execution to operation and maintenance (O&M) and decommissioning – to address the climate, environmental and social dimensions of its activities. The ESG screening process uses a checklist of 10 ESG criteria and is applied to projects from the development phase through to the construction phase. Environmental action plans and stakeholder engagement plans are based on ESG screening and are applied through to the decommissioning phase.

For climate change risk mitigation risks, quarterly reviews supplement the annual performance assessment to ensure results remain aligned with de ˱ned trajectories. The Statutory Auditors perform annual reviews of carbon footprint data through audits and veri˱cation procedures.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Monitoring of priority gross environmental risks is supported by two Group-level processes: the medium-term CO 2 plan process and the Environmental Action Plan process.

Other environmental and social risks are assessed through compliance with objectives and the proper implementation of action plans.

Climate change mitigation risk

CO 2 MTBP process

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Processes Metrics 2025 results

Annual CO 2 MTBP:

See Section 3.1.2.1.4 Climate change mitigation and energy transition – Targets related to climate change mitigation See Section 3.1.2.1.4 Climate change mitigation and energy transition – Targets related to climate change mitigation

Monitoring of emissions caps across the Group’s main CO 2 -emitting activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Intra-year emissions steering and quarterly business reviews

Other control and monitoring systems

• Limited assurance procedure conducted by the Statutory Auditors on the sustainability statement, including environmental reporting metrics

Other priority environmental risks

Environmental action plan process

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Themes Metrics 2025 results

Environmental plans

Percentage of industrial activities with an environmental plan established in consultation with stakeholders 85%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Processes relating to risk identi ˶cation and action plan implementation at various levels to avoid, reduce, and if necessary, offset the environmental impacts of the Group’s activities

Annual environmental performance assessment

4 EESDC meetings

Other control and monitoring systems

Annual presentation to the EESDC and subsequently to the Board of Directors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 240] Vigilance Plan

Each priority risk is subject to dedicated monitoring using the performance metrics detailed in the table below.

Performance monitoring and measurement by priority risk

Priority risks Metrics 2025 results

ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

See CO 2 MTBP process metrics in the table above

Climate change mitigation

Coal- ˱red centralized power capacity 0.7GW (-95% vs. 2015)

74 Mt CO 2 eq. (-29% vs. 2017)

GHG emissions from commodity sales (energy and fuels), Scopes 3.3.D and 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)

48 Mt CO 2 eq. (-38% vs. 2017)

of which emissions related to fuel sales, Scope 3.11 (in Mt CO 2 eq.)

Methane emissions from gas infrastructure, Scope 1 (in Mt CO 2 eq.) 0.92 Mt CO 2 eq. (-58% vs. 2017)

Industrial pollution Reduction in nitrogen dioxide (NOx) emissions -75% vs. 2017

Reduction in sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ) emissions -97% vs. 2017

Reduction in total particulate matter emissions -54% vs. 2017

Fresh water Reduced freshwater consumption for energy production 0.185 m3/MWh (-40% vs. 2019)

Develop action plans for identi ˱ed material priority sites 100% of sites

Biodiversity and ecosystems

Apply the avoid-reduce-compensate sequence to development projects 100% of projects

Implementation of an ecological management plan for all industrial activities 68% of industrial activities

Implement Nature-Based Solutions (NBS) 6 NbS

Recovery rate of non-hazardous waste 71%

Resource use and circular economy

Recovery rate of hazardous waste 33%

Biomass projects traceable and compliant with EU timber regulations (or equivalent) 100%

3.2.4 Procurement vigilance approach

3.2.4.1 Energy procurement

b) Analysis and prioritization by severity

3.2.4.1.1 Gross risk mapping

a) Identi ˱cation of general areas

ENGIE identi ˱es and prioritizes risks within its energy supply chain across several dimensions:

• impact: type of potential adverse consequence (e.g., forced labor, deforestation, water pollution);

ENGIE identi ˱es the social and environmental risks associated with energy procurement as a speci˱c vigilance matter. Primary matters related to the Group’s energy purchases include:

• human rights risks: forced labor and potential impacts on local or indigenous communities;

• risk factors: conditions increasing the likelihood of occurrence, such as insuf ˱cient regulatory enforcement, high-risk geographic areas, inadequate supplier monitoring or limited visibility due to subcontracting;

• environmental risks: greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, water availability and quality, pollution of natural resources and pressures on biodiversity and ecosystems.

• severity: seriousness of the potential impact, considering the number of people or ecosystems affected and the remediable character of impact;

• likelihood: probability of risk materialization based on ENGIE’s procurement activities, supplier practices, geographic exposure and level of control within the business relationship.

This approach identi ˱es risks with high potential impact and likelihood prior to the application of mitigation measures. This forms the basis for prioritizing risks requiring targeted vigilance and mitigation actions.

[Page 241] Vigilance Plan

c) Priority gross energy procurement risks

Based on this methodology, ENGIE has identi ˱ed priority gross risks speci˱c to its energy supply chain. These risks primarily concern potential impacts on human rights and the environment. The 2025 outcomes highlight the following priority gross risks:

Priority risks Impacts Risk factors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Shale gas extraction; limited supply chain visibility; countries with weak environmental legislation

GHG emissions and water stress/pollution in the gas supply chain Contribution to climate change; methane leakage; local water scarcity and contamination

Uncerti ˱ed supplier origins and sources

Deforestation in the biomass supply chain Biodiversity loss; ecosystem disruption; community displacement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Forced labor in the renewable energy supply chain Labor exploitation Projects in countries with weak protection of labor rights; limited supply chain visibility

Community rights and land-use con˳icts in nature-based carbon credit projects Exclusion of vulnerable communities Projects developed without free, prior and informed consent (FPIC) in high-risk countries; lack of transparency on land rights; inadequate bene˱t-sharing mechanisms

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Human rights violations and ecosystem destruction in the coal supply chain Community displacement; land degradation; labor rights and safety issues

Supplier operations in countries with low labor and community protections; absence of third-party audits

3.2.4.1.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority energy procurement risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

a) Regular supplier assessment procedures

• periodic assessment and monitoring: high-risk suppliers are reviewed annually; all others are reviewed every three years. As-needed reviews are triggered by high-risk events. ESG performance, identi ˱ed risks and mitigation measures are documented to ensure informed decision-making and continuous monitoring of emerging risks;

ENGIE applies a structured and recurring process to identify, evaluate and monitor environmental and social risks in its energy procurement activities, with a particular focus on highrisk supply chains. This approach ensures alignment with ENGIE’s duty of vigilance and ESG commitments, while focusing on the prevention and mitigation of priority risks.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Key elements of the process:

• enhanced due diligence and guidelines for sensitive products: speci ˱c procedures for biomass, biomethane, shale gas, international renewable energy certi˱cates (i-RECs), carbon credits and renewable energy. These procedures cover traceability, veri˱cation of certi˱cations and environmental and human rights considerations throughout the value chain;

• regulatory compliance: Veri ˱cation that suppliers comply with host-country environmental and social laws, regulations and permits. This sets the minimum threshold for responsible sourcing;

• external stakeholder engagement: ENGIE maintains ongoing dialogue with external stakeholders to gather intelligence, discuss potential ESG risks and promote transparency across the supply chain. This supports continuous risk identi ˱cation and monitoring.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ESG risk mapping: identi ˱cation of inherent risks by product and activity type;

• sector collaboration: participation in multi-stakeholder initiatives and working groups (e.g. , the Responsible Commodities Sourcing Initiative Bettercoal and Gas programs) to benchmark practices, reinforce industry standards and encourage continuous improvement.

• due diligence: systemic identi ˱cation and assessment of ESG risks in the energy supply chain, taking into account factors that may impact people and the environment. High-risk activities may require additional veri˱cation, such as independent assessments or recognized certi˱cations;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Through this comprehensive process, ENGIE ensures that priority risks across its energy supply chains are continuously reassessed, effectively mitigated and transparently documented. This fosters sustainable procurement practices that respect both people and the environment.

[Page 242] Vigilance Plan

Awareness-raising tools

b) Comprehensive prevention and mitigation measures for priority energy procurement risks

Governance

S&EM provides an e-learning module on the duty of vigilance, updated to include regulatory developments, practical case studies and industry-speci ˱c examples. This training helps employees understand the scope and objectives of the French duty of vigilance law, enabling them to identify and address environmental, social and ethical risks within S&EM activities. In addition to the e-learning program, S&EM organizes presentations and awareness-raising sessions for employees throughout the year. S&EM also conducts dedicated sessions with employee representatives to present identi˱ed risks and mitigation measures, fostering dialogue and the exchange of best practices.

The Supply and Energy Management (S&EM) GBU is responsible for sourcing and supplying energy and aims to prevent or mitigate potential adverse impacts on people and the environment. In this capacity, S&EM plays a pivotal role in supporting the global transition toward sustainable energy sources while ensuring responsible supply chains that respect human rights, minimize environmental impacts and contribute to reducing the carbon footprints of ENGIE and its customers. Within S&EM, the ESG Team is tasked with implementing the Vigilance Plan regarding human rights and environmental risks in the energy supply chain. The ESG Team identi ˱es, assesses and proposes mitigation measures for these risks.

c) Speci ˱c prevention and mitigation measures for priority energy procurement risks

Energy procurement policy

ENGIE has de ˱ned speci˱c prevention and mitigation measures for priority energy procurement risks, building on the identi˱cation and prioritization of gross risks in the energy supply chain. These measures aim to reduce both the likelihood of occurrence and the severity of potential impacts on human rights, health & safety and the environment.

The approach combines:

• targeted due diligence and monitoring adapted to product type and supplier context;

As part of the Group Vigilance Plan, S&EM has established an Energy Procurement Vigilance Policy. It requires suppliers to adhere to rigorous ESG standards and continuously monitor their own operations and supply chains. Suppliers must respect human rights, prevent environmental degradation and comply with ENGIE’s ethical, social and environmental requirements. To operationalize this approach, S&EM develops dedicated, regularly updated ESG guidelines tailored to each speci ˱c energy source:

• Natural gas (including LNG);

• stakeholder engagement and dialogue to enhance transparency and accountability across the entire supply chain;

• Biomass and biomethane;

• International Renewable Energy Certi ˱cates (I-RECs);

• corrective and preventive measures, including contractual clauses and on-site audits where necessary.

• Renewable energy;

• Carbon credits;

• Hydrogen and ammonia;

• Coal (exit strategy).

The following table details the priority risks identi ˱ed for Supply & Energy Management and the corresponding measures, establishing a direct link between the risk analysis and the Group’s vigilance obligations.

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

• Implementation of a global ESG strategy dedicated to natural gas sourcing, starting with shale gas within the supply chain.

• Strict ESG and ethics requirements integrated into long-term contracts, including speci ˱c clauses on carbon footprint and methane emissions, in addition to the Group’s standard ethics clause.

GHG emissions and water stress/ pollution in the gas supply chain

• Enhanced supplier due diligence focused on emissions traceability, methane reporting, water usage and overall operational transparency.

• Membership of the RECOSI Gas program, supporting the adoption of high ESG standards across the natural gas supply chain.

• Independent third-party certi ˱cations to verify environmental monitoring and supplier performance.

• Continuous updates of internal guidelines and procurement frameworks to ensure responsible sourcing and the integration of emerging ESG risk factors.

Example: in US shale gas procurement, the Group prioritizes producers capable of providing the highest guarantees regarding emissions traceability and environmental monitoring of their activities.

[Page 243] Vigilance Plan

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

• Purchase of 100% certi ˱ed sustainable biomass (SBP/FSC/PEFC).

Deforestation in the biomass supply chain

• Strict ESG clauses in all long-term biomass contracts (covering supply chain traceability, working conditions, health & safety and biodiversity impacts).

• Annual biomass portfolio review.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Site visits in addition to third-party audits in high-risk sourcing countries.

• Sector or bilateral ESG working groups.

Example: the ESG team conducted a site visit to an Asian supplier in November 2024, which yielded satisfactory results.

• Application of dedicated ESG guidelines for renewable energy sourcing and International Renewable Energy Certi ˱cates (I-RECs).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Forced labor in the renewable energy supply chain

• Enhanced due diligence, with a speci ˱c focus on forced labor risks, particularly in high-risk geographies.

• Where high risks are identi ˱ed, contractual guarantees may be strengthened by including speci˱c forced labor clauses alongside the standard ethics clause.

• Annual I-REC portfolio review to monitor compliance and emerging risks.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Example: assessment of supplier supply chains to verify the presence of measures aimed at mitigating the (potential) risk of forced labor. If potential risk is identi ˱ed, a dedicated clause with a termination option is included in the contract.

• For direct purchases, we conduct due diligence on developers and carbon credit projects, featuring explicit veri ˱cation of FPIC and community approval.

Community rights and land use con ˳icts in nature-based carbon credit projects

• Inclusion of strict ESG and ethics clauses in carbon credit agreements, including termination rights should social or environmental issues be detected.

• Dedicated guideline for the sourcing and sale of carbon credits.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Use of external ESG rating agencies (Sylvera, BeZero) to facilitate risk assessment and the development of an AI-driven tool to enhance the precision and depth of analyses.

• Prioritization of established registries and methodologies with robust MRV (monitoring, reporting & veri ˱cation) and a requirement for third-party veri˱cation. Site visits and semi-annual reviews of the carbon credit portfolio.

Example: in 2025, site visits were conducted to evaluate ESG risks and engage with relevant stakeholders.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Alignment with the ENGIE Group’s commitment to exit coal- ˱red power generation in Europe by the end of 2025 and globally by 2027.

Human rights violations and ecosystem destruction in the coal supply chain

• Implementation of a strategy to exit energy value chain activities that contribute to supporting the coal value chain. Regular assessment of relevant counterparties to ensure strategy compliance.

• Enhanced surveillance of suppliers in coal-intensive regions to prevent any commercial activity supporting the coal value chain.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Participation of ENGIE Energia Chile in the RECOSI Bettercoal program to ensure responsible sourcing and independent audits where coal is still sourced.

• Systematic performance evaluation of relevant suppliers regarding human rights and environmental standards for as long as coal is still sourced.

Example: no business activity with counterparties whose energy mix relies solely on coal without a credible, time-bound coal exit transition plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 244] Vigilance Plan

3.2.4.1.3 Monitoring mechanisms, performance measurement and effectiveness reporting

ESG due diligence processes and supplier risk assessments are consolidated and tracked via dedicated tools. This enables the monitoring of the total number of ESG analyses, their risk levels (high, medium or low), product coverage and year-on-year trends. All reviews are documented and updated as necessary. As part of this process, risk assessments are formally reviewed every three years as a general rule, with more frequent reviews for high-risk activities.

Comprehensive monitoring and performance measurement framework

Processes Metrics 2025 results

Annual ESG due diligence monitoring Annual number of ESG analyses 404

Number of ESG risk assessments reviewed during the year 92

Availability of guidelines by commodity Natural gas (including LNG)

Biomass and biomethane

Annual tracking of ESG guidelines by product

International Renewable Energy Certi ˱cates (I-RECs)

Renewable energy

Carbon credits

Hydrogen and ammonia

Coal (exit strategy)

Further information on the energy procurement process is available in Section 3.1.4.2. Sustainable procurement.

3.2.4.2 Non-energy procurement

b) Analysis and prioritization by severity

Non-energy purchases cover all equipment supply contracts and the provision of services and works. The Group’s procurement reference system uses the term “supplier” to refer to service providers (called “subcontractors”) and equipment suppliers.

ENGIE organizes its procurement through a set of operational processes ranging from demand management to payment, including Supplier Panel Management and Category Management.

3.2.4.2.1 Gross risk mapping

a) Identi ˱cation of general areas

Category Management is central to controlling risks related to human rights, health & safety and the environment, enabling the identi ˱cation of the most exposed categories. Risk analysis is supported by mapping developed by our ESG partner EcoVadis and the expertise of the Category Manager network.

With €19 billion in procurement of goods and services (excluding energy) across 67 categories and from over 80,000 suppliers, the Group’s activities may generate impacts in the following areas:

• human rights, including forced labor, and potential impacts on local or indigenous communities;

• fundamental rights of workers;

Identi˱cation of “high-risk” categories is based on EcoVadis data regarding intrinsic industry risks and supplier country risk, which adjusts the overall risk level. This assessment is combined with the market expertise of ENGIE category managers to create a list of high-risk categories requiring enhanced supplier management.

c) Priority gross non-energy procurement risks

• environment, including risks related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, water availability and quality, pollution of natural resources and pressures on biodiversity and ecosystems.

Six procurement categories currently present signi ˱cant risks regarding human rights, health & safety and/or environmental impact.

Priority risks Impacts Risk factors

Environment/Human rights/Health & safety • Country of equipment manufacture

• More or less carbon-intensive production methods

Solar panel, battery and wind turbine procurement risk

• Employee exposure to chemicals

Environment/Human rights/Health & safety • Country of equipment manufacture

Electrical equipment procurement risk

• More or less carbon-intensive production methods

Human rights/Health & safety • Country of equipment manufacture

IT hardware (computers, printers, etc.) procurement risk

• Production method with greater or lesser environmental impact

Environment/Health & safety/Human rights • Countries where work is performed

EPC turnkey contracts procurement risk

• Work at height, electrical work and civil engineering

[Page 245] Vigilance Plan

3.2.4.2.2 Prevention and mitigation measures for priority non-energy procurement risks

The CPO delegates the implementation of Group Procurement governance across three levels that re˳ect the Group's organization:

a) Regular supplier and subcontractor assessment procedures

ENGIE identi ˱es and manages risks through its procurement vigilance process via:

• the Procurement Department in charge of the management category de ˱nes the governance, tools and performance objectives of the functional line;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• risk mapping developed on the basis of data provided by the ESG partner EcoVadis (risks by industry and country risks) and analysis of the procurement categories carried out by the Category Managers network;

• the GBU Procurement Directors translate the growth ambitions of the four GBU into procurement objectives. They ensure the involvement and coordination of the Procurement Departments in GBU projects and operations;

• the local procurement entities, led by a Procurement Director, organize synergies and ensure process standardization across countries with the support of shared service centers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Procurement policy

• a supplier selection process that relies, in particular, on an ESG assessment (EcoVadis), the implementation of the Due Diligence Policy (see Section 3.2.5), the implementation of associated management plans taking into identi ˱ed risks, and the measurement of performance delivered by suppliers and associated improvement plans. These plans may include, for example, audits, special contractual provisions to limit risk, an ethics clause, etc.;

The Procurement Charter establishes the principle of selecting suppliers based on “technical, environmental, ethical, quality, health & safety, lead time, cost and contractual commitment criteria aligned with ENGIE’s purpose”.

• a procurement management system structured around:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a Procurement Charter which de ˱nes ENGIE’s commitments and requirements with regard to its suppliers in terms of human rights, health & safety, ethics and sustainability (carbon, environment, circularity),

In addition to the principles and rules set out in the Procurement Charter and Purchasing Governance, ENGIE’s procurement activities are governed by Group policies on due diligence, embargoes, gifts and invitations, health & safety and human rights.

The procurement function has also developed:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a Procurement Governance document that sets out due diligence obligations for key suppliers of the Group, the implementation of the Code of Conduct in Supplier Relations and an ethics risk analysis that must be carried out within each entity.

• a Supplier Relationship Code of Conduct outlining Group Ethics Charter principles across seven pillars, emphasizing respect for rights and the environment throughout the value chain;

• an Inclusive Procurement Policy to increase expenditure with the protected sector and promote non-discrimination.

Awareness-raising tools

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These principles and rules are set out in the operational procurement processes that include the requirements of the Group’s Ethics Code of Conduct, the ESG Policies, the Health & Safety Policy, the Code of Conduct in Supplier Relations, the Due Diligence Policy for Direct Suppliers and Subcontractors and internal subcontracting principles. These requirements apply to the Group’s entire supply chain and are presented in the ethics clause template for all contracts regardless of size or duration:

• a whistleblowing and reporting system open to persons outside the Group.

The non-energy procurement vigilance approach includes a training component for the entire procurement function, representing approximately 1,300 people worldwide. Since 2024, the Procurement Department has had a crossfunctional training program (Procurement Academy) including mandatory training courses in the following areas: Ethics & Supplier Relationships, Human Rights, Sustainability (Energy Transition and Climate Change), Health & Safety Management, Diversity & Inclusion, Working Conditions and IT Security.

b) Comprehensive prevention and mitigation measures for priority non-energy procurement risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Governance

Face-to-face training sessions in regions particularly exposed to human rights and environmental risks supplement this program. In June 2025, a dedicated seminar on procurement ethics was held in Lima, bringing together procurement professionals from across Latin America. In 2025, 457 members of the Procurement functional line received ethics training, including 18 based in high-risk countries.

Reporting to the Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement, the Chief Procurement Of ˱cer (CPO) of the Group Procurement Department ensures the performance, sustainability and competitiveness of Group procurement. The CPO selects effective and innovative suppliers that contribute positively to sustainable development.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 246] Vigilance Plan

c) Speci ˱c prevention and mitigation measures for priority non-energy procurement risks

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

Solar panel, battery and wind turbine procurement risk

Several years ago, the Group introduced a speci ˱c, in-depth vigilance action plan to identify and manage these risks for certain purchases categories. The Group has agreed to ensure compliance with international laws and actively monitors the situation to ensure that no forced labor is used anywhere along its supply chain, particularly in China. In 2025, the Group continued to exercise enhanced vigilance (see also Section 2.2.5.1).

The Group conducts rigorous ethical checks of its suppliers. To ensure supplier transparency, ENGIE has also established direct communication with each of them to assess their ability to commit and to share the most sensitive information. The main measures implemented include:

• in-depth supplier due diligence by independent experts who pay particular attention to human rights matters;

• supplier supply chain mapping and supporting documentation;

• a written statement from suppliers not to use forced labor;

• distribution of ethics surveys on forced labor, requiring suppliers to provide documentary evidence showing that they prohibit forced labor;

• stronger contractual clauses (general audit clause, breach of contract in case of failure by suppliers to meet their obligations, supplier’s guarantee to comply with local and international regulations governing forced labor, from the procurement of commodities through to the delivery of a product);

• participation in several industry initiatives (Solar Energy Industries Association in the United States, SolarPower Europe, WindEurope, Global Battery Alliance) in the solar, wind and battery sectors to share and improve risk management practices.

ENGIE has established framework agreements with a select list of suppliers with very high EcoVadis ratings.

Electrical equipment procurement risk

ENGIE has established framework agreements with a select list of suppliers with very high EcoVadis ratings.

IT hardware (computers, printers, etc.) procurement risk

[Page 247] Vigilance Plan

Priority risks Speci ˱c measures

EPC turnkey contracts procurement risk

In January 2025, the Group implemented a new policy covering all construction-related categories (turnkey EPC contracts and discipline-speci ˱c construction contracts). This policy focuses on all existing procurement processes by mandating enhanced measures to mitigate risks associated with existing Group processes:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• The Manage Supplier Panel process:

• only quali ˱ed suppliers can participate in the pre-selection process for ENGIE projects,

• supplier quali ˱cation has been reinforced with regard to Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) standards,

• monitoring of quali ˱ed suppliers is managed via a dedicated dashboard accessible to buyers and procurement leads.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE has deployed a rationalization strategy to concentrate its expenditure on a restricted panel of suppliers in order to ensure long-term performance and compliance;

• the Source to Contract process:

• only quali ˱ed suppliers are eligible to receive invitations to tender,

• supplier bid evaluation.

Bids are analyzed based on ˱nancial, technical, health & safety and ESG criteria. Asset lifecycle considerations are integrated into the evaluation.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Each category of criteria is assigned a speci ˱c weighting:

• Health-Safety: minimum 15%,

ESG: 5% to 10%, notably covering human rights, environmental risks, local content, carbon footprint (CO₂), impact on nature and biodiversity, and, where applicable, stakeholder management (local communities, trade unions).

• Health-Safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Each bidder must provide a written declaration of commitment to all general and project-speci ˱c requirements. This declaration, signed by the supplier’s executive management, is also required for prospective subcontractors.

• contractual clauses;

Each contract includes reinforced provisions:

• General right-to-audit clause,

• Termination in the event of a breach of supplier obligations,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Guarantee of compliance with local and international regulations, as well as general and projectspeci ˱c requirements.

3.2.4.2.3 Monitoring mechanisms, performance measurement and effectiveness reporting

Procurement processes are monitored through various frameworks and metrics.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Processes Metrics 2025 results

MSP – Manage Supplier Panel

Number of Key Suppliers assessed by EcoVadis/Total Key Suppliers 69.48%

ESG evaluation of Key Suppliers (Preferred suppliers managed at Group level; Major suppliers managed locally)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

MSP – Manage Supplier Panel

Number of Key Suppliers subject to due diligence/Total Key Suppliers 86.44%

Due diligence tracking of Key Suppliers (Preferential suppliers managed by category managers at Group level; Major suppliers managed by local purchasing entities)

HR – Mandatory training Number of employees who have completed mandatory training modules 457

[Page 248] Vigilance Plan

Internal control

• Inclusive procurement (SMEs, protected work sectors, professional integration);

• Carbon emissions.

In 2025, the scope of the due diligence policy was extended to all suppliers in high-risk procurement categories, crossreferenced with Maplecroft country risk indices. A speci ˱c dashboard has been created to monitor due diligence performed for suppliers in the following categories:

The INCOME internal control program veri ˱es the effective implementation of procurement processes. The INCOME PRO framework covers all procurement processes through 31 distinct controls. In 2025, the procurement function increased its self-assessments testing rate to provide greater assurance of the results of internal controls. On a testing rate of 25%, the compliance rate of INCOME controls was nearly 90%.

• Solar panels;

• Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS);

• Wind turbines;

• Electrical equipment;

The Group Procurement Department collaborates with Internal Audit to monitor the implementation of recommended corrective action plans. The Group deploys speci˱c initiatives. In the Middle East, ENGIE runs a program to assess the living conditions of its suppliers’ employees when they are housed in living bases.

• IT equipment;

ESG dashboards

• Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) turnkey contracts.

These Power BI-driven dashboards are accessible to all procurement entities to streamline monitoring.

ENGIE’s key supplier monitoring is facilitated by dashboards integrated into our Procurement Information Center. This system aligns supplier expenditure with ESG performance, particularly carbon emissions.

Dashboards available:

More information is provided on ENGIE’s website: https:// www.engie.com/en/group/suppliers/sustainable-purchasingpolicy.

• EcoVadis assessment status for Preferred and Major suppliers;

• Due diligence status for Preferred and Major suppliers;

3.2.5 Third-party assessment

ENGIE carries out due diligence on third parties (suppliers, service providers, subcontractors, joint venture partners, contractors, etc.) under certain conditions and in line with due diligence policies described on ENGIE’s website: https:// www.engie.com/en/ethics-and-compliance/vigilance-plan/thirdparties. Depending on the type of supplier, a ˱rst level of due diligence is carried out internally, using public databases or specialized tools. In accordance with these policies, if this analysis reveals risks, ENGIE performs an in-depth due diligence (level 2) either via a team of experts under the oversight of the Group’s Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department or via external service providers. Directly or indirectly, all Ethics Of˱cers have access to a specialist due diligence tool.

In addition, the Group’s new preferred and major strategic suppliers are automatically assessed by the Procurement functional line via due diligence carried out before contracting takes place. The Group has set up a dedicated team in charge of carrying out the due diligence of key suppliers and has equipped itself with a new digital tool providing an ethical risk score covering ˱ve aspects: country risk, activities at risk, politically exposed persons, sanctions and controversies. ENGIE also uses EcoVadis for environmental aspects, human rights and ethics. In 2025, approximately 1,000 recurring key suppliers (Strategic, Preferred and Major), representing nearly 50% of total spending, were subject to the due diligence policy and around 200 were subject to due diligence procedures.

3.2.6 Whistleblowing and alert reporting system

Stakeholder engagement and social dialogue

ENGIE has established a whistleblowing mechanism in consultation with representative trade unions. The European Works Council and the Global Forum regularly review the Group-wide whistleblowing system and the summary of reports received (see Section 3.2.7.3 Stakeholder relations).

How it works

The Whistleblowing System is open to all employees, both permanent or temporary, and to all external stakeholders, since January 2019. An external service provider forwards the anonymous report to the Group for processing. Section 3.1.4.1.5 Whistleblowing and reporting of ethics incidents provides further operational details.

[Page 249] Vigilance Plan

3.2.7 Monitoring and effectiveness assessment of measures implemented

This section outlines the monitoring system for the comprehensive vigilance approach. The frameworks and monitoring metrics for each vigilance approach are described in their respective sections. Together, these elements provide actionable guidance for the Group’s duty of vigilance initiatives.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.2.7.1 Steering and follow-up at the highest corporate level

Governance

A cross-functional oversight committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A speci ˱c inter-departmental committee has overseen the deployment of the Vigilance Plan and coordinated its various components comprehensively since the law was passed in 2017. Originally tasked with mapping existing policies against the law and drafting the Group’s vigilance plan, it now manages ongoing plan monitoring, dissemination and coordination of the various measures, raising awareness among entities and facilitating the feedback of information to the Group. The committee also serves a monitoring function, alerting entities to weak signals. Members include representatives of the Corporate departments, all GBU and representatives of the geographies and Tractebel.

The Group has set up monitoring and overall coordination of the Vigilance Plan at the highest level to meet the law’s objectives. The plan was approved by the Executive Committee, which entrusted its management to the Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department (ECPD), under the responsibility of the Group’s Legal and Ethics Department, itself reporting to the Corporate Secretary. The Vigilance Plan is fully integrated into the Group’s legal and ethics organization. It bene ˱ts from the associated governance, monitoring systems, resources and actors, and is subject to high-level oversight. The Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee and the Board of Directors receive an annual report on the plan’s effective implementation.

3.2.7.2 Plan operational performance monitoring and measurement

Each entity must ensure that the Vigilance Plan has been effectively rolled out within its scope. Internal control cycles and the annual Ethics Compliance Report integrate the monitoring of these actions at the entity level (see Section 3.1.4.1.7 Controls and certi ˱cations). Since 2020, a dedicated internal control checkpoint for the deployment of the Vigilance Plan has been in place.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Speci˱c internal control checkpoints for individual actions (human rights, health & safety, ESG and procurement) provide further monitoring of the deployment of Vigilance Plan initiatives.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 250] Vigilance Plan

Monitoring of the vigilance plan and internal control: main controls identiﬁed by vigilance area

Procurement: Industrial Safety: Security: Occupational Health and Safety:

• Mitigation of risk of malicious attack on people and assets.

• Compliance with the Group’s Supplier Due Diligence Policy; • Ensure that the Group’s procurement reference documents are applied by the entity (e.g. inclusion of ethics clauses in contracts, etc.); • Ensure that supplier selection does not pose a risk to the Group (ethics, compliance, etc.).

• Operation of industrial facilities: controls focused on policy, hazard studies, procedures, Elements Important for Safety (EIS), staff competencies, use of incident feedback (REX), audits and inspections; • Maintenance of industrial facilities: controls related to the maintenance plan, management of interference risks and work permits.

• Prevention of serious and fatal accidents: control process covering nine key themes to ensure effective risk management — including, for example, compliance with Life-Saving Rules, promotion of a fair culture and implementation of work permits; • Prevention of psychosocial risks: control process addressing governance, operational risk management and continuous improvement.

Risk Management: Ethics & Compliance/ Human Rights: Environment/ Social Responsibility:

• Risks review conducted using the ERM methodology; • Risk management and monitoring of the implementation of action plans for the most signiﬁcant risks.

• Implementation of controls with self-assessment to ensure deployment of environmental plans and climate change adaptation plans and of stakeholder engagement plans; • Mapping of environmental risks and mapping of stakeholders and societal risks; • Monitoring of action plans.

• Communication and implementation of the Group’s ethics and compliance policies; • Monitoring and control of ethical incidents; • Compliance with the Duty of Vigilance Policy – Human Rights and deployment of the Group’s Vigilance Plan; • Compliance with partner due diligence policies in the context of investment projects.

3.2.7.3 Stakeholder relations

Internal stakeholders

External stakeholders

ENGIE regularly presents and discusses plan progress with employee representative bodies through Group-level committees, such as the European Works Council. Entities also maintain localized social dialogue on duty of vigilance obligations. This practice has been subject to internal control since the plan’s inception.

The duty of vigilance is also the subject of enhanced social dialogue within the framework of ENGIE’s Global Agreement. The Global Forum, the monitoring body for the Global Agreement, oversees the implementation of the Vigilance Plan. An annual meeting is held with international trade union federations to review the draft Vigilance Plan prior to its publication. These exchanges make it possible to monitor the vigilance approach in consultation with social partners.

ENGIE has adopted a formal Stakeholder Engagement Policy – a core component of the Group’s ESG framework – to prevent and manage the human rights, environmental and social impacts of its operations. This policy can be consulted on the Group’s website: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/202502/ENGIE%20-%20Stakeholder%20Engagement%20Policy.pdf. Operational entities deploy this policy using internal toolkits aligned with international standards such as ISO 26000 and AA1000. Stakeholder engagement spans the entire project lifecycle. Each site or operational activity performs an annual self-assessment of its stakeholder dialogue based on the Group’s reporting framework, which uses the AA1000 standard from AccountAbility, a recognized NGO in the ˱eld of sustainability. Further information can be found in Section 3.1.3.5 Affected communities.

The Group is building a dialogue with its stakeholders. In 2021, ENGIE set up a Dialogue Committee with its stakeholders as well as a discussion forum (the Dialogue and Transition forum) to support sensitive projects.

For several years, the Group has sought to strengthen its culture of social dialogue concerning working conditions and health & safety at all levels of the organization (local, national, European and global). Further information is available in Section 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue.

[Page 251] Vigilance Plan

3.2.8 Implementation report

This section outlines the comprehensive vigilance approach. The reporting elements for each vigilance approach are described in their respective sections.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A report on the effective implementation of the plan is presented annually to the EESDC and to the Board of Directors.

In accordance with French Act No. 2017-399 of March 27, 2017 on the duty of vigilance of parent and ordering companies, this section presents the progress of measures outlined in the Group’s Vigilance Plan. It ensures transparency regarding actions taken during the past year, evaluates their effectiveness and identi ˱es challenges encountered. Scope of the report:

Cross-functional oversight committee

• measures taken to prevent serious violations of human rights, human health & safety and environmental standards;

In 2025, the cross-functional oversight committee met several times and notably shared actions and best practices.

• results of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) measuring the effectiveness of these systems;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• prospects for improving the vigilance framework.

Plan operational monitoring and measurement

Processes Metrics 2025 results

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Annual ethics compliance report Percentage of entities reporting an initial brie ˱ng with the Executive Committee regarding the Vigilance Plan and its entity-level implementation 81.8%

Percentage of entities reporting an initial brie˱ng with the internal stakeholders regarding the Vigilance Plan and its entity-level implementation 67.8%

Percentage of entities reporting the implementation of coordinated actions with other functional departments involved in Vigilance Plan workstreams 83.6%

88%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dedicated internal control checkpoint (see Section 2.3)

Percentage of entities that have assessed the rollout of the Human Rights Vigilance Policy and the implementation of the Vigilance Plan at their level as effective (1)

100%

Third-party evaluation (see also Sections 3.2.5 and 3.2.4.2.3)

Percentage of partners in the Group’s investment projects that were subject to due diligence, including a systematic study of vigilance topics by the Ethics functional line

Number of tier-1 screenings performed using due diligence tools by the Group's Ethics & Compliance Of ˱cers and ethics correspondents 23,000

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Maximum level 4 according to the internal control reference system.

Whistleblowing and alert reporting system

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This section includes all reports received via the Group’s whistleblowing system and the managerial ethics incident reporting channel. In 2025, 423 reports were ˱led via the Group's whistleblowing procedure and 506 managerial ethics incident reports were submitted, 241 of which related to risks falling under the duty of vigilance. They can be summarized as follows:

Questions related to the environment and the rights of communities

Allegations of harassment* Allegations relating to health & safety Allegations relating to working practices Allegations of discrimination

145 31 29 32 4

* There were 108 allegations of moral harassment and 37 allegations of sexual harassment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As with all alerts, those relating to allegations of discrimination and harassment are dealt with, and when the facts are proven, disciplinary action is taken and action plans deployed.

within the framework of the Global Agreement, including the Global Forum and the annual meeting with international trade union federations.

Stakeholder relations

In January 2025, the Stakeholder Dialogue Committee met to discuss double materiality ahead of the implementation of the CSRD.

In 2025, ENGIE conducted regular social dialogue on the Vigilance Plan within Group bodies, such as the European Works Council, and at entity level. Implementation was also discussed

[Page 252] Vigilance Plan

3.2.9 Duty of vigilance cross-reference table

Risk categories covered by the Vigilance Plan Location in the URD

Risks related to human rights • 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities

• 3.1.3 Social information

• 3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct

• 3.1.4.3.2 Security of people, sites and information

• 3.2.1 Human rights vigilance approach

• 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities

Risks related to the health & safety of individuals

• 3.1.3.2.6 Health & safety of employees and temporary workers

• 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy)

• 3.1.4.3.3 Industrial safety

• 3.2.2 Health & safety vigilance approach

• 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities

Environmental and societal risks

• 3.1.2 Environmental information

• 3.1.3 Social information

• 3.2.3 Environmental vigilance approach

Risks related to purchases • 3.1.1.4.2 Material impacts, risks and opportunities

• 3.1.3.3 Workers in the value chain (excluding energy)

• 3.1.3.4 Workers in the value chain (energy)

• 3.1.4.2 Sustainable procurement

• 3.2.4 Procurement vigilance approach

The risks listed in this table Section 2.2 Risk factors

[Page 253] CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

4.1 Governance organization and operations 252

4.3 Additional information concerning corporate governance 311

4.1.1 Membership of the Board of Directors 252

4.3.1 Agreements relating to current operations and entered into under normal conditions 311

4.1.2 Activities and operations of the Board of Directors 275

4.3.2 Related-party agreements and transactions 311

4.1.3 Executive Management 286

4.3.3 Service contracts binding members of corporate governance bodies 311

4.3.4 Authorizations relating to the share capital and securities carrying rights to shares and their use 312

4.2 Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee 287

4.3.5 Provisions in the bylaws on the participation of shareholders at Shareholders' Meetings 316

4.2.1 Compensation of the executive corporate of ˱cers allocated or paid for 2025 (ex-post say on pay) 287

4.2.2 Directors' compensation for 2025 301

4.3.6 Information on elements that could have an impact on takeover bids or public exchange offers 317

4.3.7 Statutory Auditors 317

4.2.3 2026 compensation policy for the executive corporate of˱cers (ex‑ante say on pay) 302

4.2.4 2026 compensation policy for Directors 306

4.4 Corporate Governance Code 317

4.2.5 Compensation of executives who are not corporate of˱cers (members of the Executive Committee) 306

4.5 Statutory auditors' special report on regulated agreements 318

4.2.6 Award of Performance Shares 306

[Page 254] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

The information presented in this Chapter constitutes the report of the Board of Directors on corporate governance, prepared in accordance with the provisions of the ˱nal paragraph of Article L.225-37 and Articles L.22-10-8 et seq. of the French Commercial Code ( Code de commerce ). The sections of the report relevant to the activities of the various Board committees were presented to them and approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting of February 25, 2026.

ENGIE maintains its commitment to implementing corporate governance guidelines and for this purpose refers to the AfepMedef Corporate Governance Code for listed companies published by Afep (French Association of Private Enterprises) and Medef (Movement of the Enterprises of France) (hereinafter the “Afep-Medef Code” (1) ), updated in December 2022 and available on the Afep (https://www.lafep.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/ 11/Afep_Medef-Code-revision-2022-version-EN_nouveaulogo.pdf) and Medef (https://www.medef.com/en) websites.

The information included in this Chapter constitutes elements that are also required for the preparation of the Sustainability Statement in accordance with European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) (see Section 3.1 Sustainability Statement). They are identi ˱ed using a pictogram [ESRS 2 ‑ GOV] and presented in the concordance table available in Section 3.1.5 Appendices.

This report covers the membership of the Board of Directors, the conditions under which it prepares and structures its work, and any limits imposed by the Board of Directors on the powers given to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer. It also covers the Board's diversity policy. The changes in the membership of the Board of Directors proposed at the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2026, are set out in Section 4.1.1.11. In Section 4.2 Compensation of corporate of˱cers and members of the Executive Committee, this report sets out the applicable provisions, principles and rules established to determine the compensation and bene˱ts of any kind awarded to corporate of˱cers.

4.1 GOVERNANCE ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS

SEPARATION OF THE ROLE OF CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

In 2016, ENGIE's Board of Directors opted to separate the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Of ˱cer in order to ensure a balance of powers in line with best corporate governance practices and to strengthen the effectiveness of the Group's governance. This choice, proven over time, is designed to ensure solid, collective governance that is fully adapted to ENGIE's strategic challenges.

4.1.1 Membership of the Board of Directors

• two Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the French State pursuant to Article 6 of Ordinance No. 2014-948 of August 20, 2014, in view of the French State's interest in ENGIE's share capital;

• three elected Directors representing employees (pursuant to Articles L. 22-10-6 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and Article 13.3 of the Company's bylaws);

Pursuant to the provisions of Article L.225-17 of the French Commercial Code, ENGIE's Board of Directors must be composed of at least three Directors. Article 13 of the Company's bylaws (https://www.engie.com/en/by-laws-ENGIE) sets the maximum number of Directors and provides that three Directors representing employees (pursuant to Articles L. 22‑10-5 and L. 22-10-6 of the French Commercial Code) and one Director representing employee shareholders be appointed.

• one Director representing employee shareholders (pursuant to Article L. 22-10-5 of the French Commercial Code and Article 13.3 of the Company's bylaws) appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting.

The Directors serve a four-year term. The terms of of ˱ce for Directors expire at the close of the Shareholders' Meeting convened in the year during which the term expires and called to approve the ˱nancial statements for the previous year.

On the date of this report, the Company is administered by a Board of Directors composed of 14 members, including:

• seven Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting pursuant to the provisions of Article L.225-18 of the French Commercial Code;

• one Director representing the French State, appointed by decree under Article 4 of Ordinance 2014-948 of August 20, 2014;

It should be noted that following the shareholders' vote at the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 24, 2025, ENGIE's bylaws were amended to provide for the appointment of Directors representing employees by the most representative trade union(s) in France, in accordance with the provisions of Article L.225-27-1 of the French Commercial Code. This amendment also takes into account Directive (EU) 2022/2381 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 23, 2022, on improving the gender balance among directors of listed companies.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9.

[Page 255] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Board of Directors has six Independent Directors, including the Chairman of the Board of Directors (see Sections 4.1.1.1 Pro ˱les, experience and expertise of Directors in of˱ce, and 4.1.1.5 Independence of Directors in of˱ce). This means that the percentage of Independent Directors is 60%, it being speci˱ed that, pursuant to the Afep-Medef Code, the Directors representing employees and employee shareholders are not taken into account in the calculation of the percentage of independent Directors.

When one or more Directors' seats become vacant, and after ascertaining the size of the Board of Directors, the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee (ACGC), with the support of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, de˱nes the pro˱le required in light of the adequacy of the Board's membership in respect of the Group's activities, challenges and strategic plans. This procedure and the assessment of the pro˱le sought are carried out in compliance with the diversity policy and the process for the recruitment of a Director (see Sections 4.1.1.7 and 4.1.1.8) [ESRS 2 - GOV‑1] .

As of the date of this report, the key features of the Board of Directors membership are the following:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1 Chairman (independent)

4

1 Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

nationalities represented

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5 Independent Directors

members 14

An independent, gender-balanced Board

3 Directors representing employees

Men (8) Women (6)

99% attendance rate

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

women 45% (1)

1 Director representing employee shareholders

Independent Directors 60% (2)

2 Directors proposed by the French State

1 Director representing the French State

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) In accordance with Ordinance No. 2024-934 of October 15, 2024, transposing the “Women on Boards” Directive (EU) 2022/2381 into French law, the gender balance assessment of the Board of Directors is now carried out by separate groups. The 45% refers to the group of Directors appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting (including the Director representing employee shareholders), it being speci ˶ed that a second group, made up of Directors representing employees, is assessed separately, with a representation rate for the under-represented gender of 33%, given the composition of this group, which comprises three members. (2) In accordance with the provisions of the French Commercial Code and the Afep-Medef Code recommendations, the proportion of independent directors on the Board of Directors is determined excluding Directors representing employees and Directors representing employee shareholders.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CHANGES IN THE MEMBERSHIP OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE COMMITTEES IN 2025

Departure Appointment Renewal

Board of Directors Jacinthe Delage (04/24/2025) Gildas Gouvazé (04/24/2025) Catherine MacGregor (04/24/2025)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Audit Committee - - -

ITC (1) - - -

ACGC (2) Jacinthe Delage (04/24/2025) Gildas Gouvazé (04/24/2025) -

EESDC (3) - - -

(1) The Investment and Technology Committee. (2) The Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee. (3) Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee.

[Page 256] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

SUMMARY PRESENTATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Number of ENGIE shares held (2)

Number of of ˱ces in other listed companies (excl. ENGIE) Independent Director Date of initial appointment Expiration of term Seniority on the Board (3)

Participation in Board committees

First and last name, gender (1) and age Nationality

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu

M, 67 50,000 2 ● 05/18/2018 2026 7 Chairman of the ITC

ACGC (4)

Catherine MacGregor

CEEDD (4)

F, 53 214,000 1 x 05/20/2021 2029 4 ACGC (4) ITC (4)

Fabrice Brégier

M, 64 2,500 2 ● 05/03/2016 2028 9 ACGC

Marie-Claire Daveu

F, 54 3,500 1 ● 04/21/2022 2026 3 Chair of the EESDC

Michel Giannuzzi

M, 61 2,500 2 ● 04/30/2024 2028 1 Audit Committee

ACGC

Ross McInnes

Chair of the Audit Committee

M, 71 4,900 1 ● 05/18/2018 2026 7

EESDC

ITC

Marie-José Nadeau

Chair of the ACGC

F, 72 5,600 0 ● 04/28/2015 2027 10

Audit Committee

ITC

Céline Fornaro

Audit Committee

F, 49 0 3 x 03/14/2023 2027 2

ITC

ACGC

Patrice Durand

M, 72 3,000 0 x 12/14/2016 2027 9 ITC

Lucie Muniesa

F, 51 0 0 x 04/26/2023 2027 2 EESDC

Christophe Agogué

M, 64 125 0 N/A 05/18/2018 2026 7 Audit Committee

Yoan Kosnar

M, 50 370 0 N/A 04/21/2022 2026 3 ITC

Magali Viot

F, 54 39 0 N/A 04/21/2022 2026 3 EESDC

Gildas Gouvazé

M, 45 450 0 N/A 04/24/2025 2029 0 ACGC

(1) Female (F), Male (M). (2) Directors co-opted or elected by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the French State, the Director representing the French State and the Directors representing employees or employee shareholders are exempt from the requirement to own shares in the Company (see Section 4.1.2.1 Organization and Chairmanship). (3) In years elapsed. (4) Attends this committee, or these committees, without being a member.

[Page 257] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.1.1 Pro ˱les, experience and expertise of Directors in of˱ce

Directors elected by the Shareholders' Meeting (7)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

JEAN-PIERRE CLAMADIEU

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Chairman of the Investment and Technology Committee

Attends without being a member the meetings of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Age: 67

Nationality : French

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu is a graduate of the École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris and an engineer of the Corps des mines . He began his career within the French administration, notably at the Ministry of Industry and as technical advisor to the Minister of Labor.

First appointment: May 18, 2018

Expiration of term: 2026

In 1993, he joined the Rhône-Poulenc group where he held several management positions. He was appointed Chief Executive Of ˱cer of Rhodia in 2003, then Chairman and Chief Executive Of˱cer in 2008. Following the merger of Rhodia and Solvay, Jean-Pierre Clamadieu was appointed Chairman of the Solvay Executive Committee and CEO of Solvay in May 2012, a position he held until 2019.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Shares held: 50,000 shares

On May 18, 2018, he became Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of ENGIE, and this term of of˱ce was renewed on April 21, 2022. He was also appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of the ENGIE Foundation on October 8, 2020, and then reappointed to this of˱ce in 2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Business address: ENGIE 65-67, rue Jules Ferry 92250 La GarenneColombes

Director of companies

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in Group companies

• Chairman of the Board of Directors of the ENGIE Foundation

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Director of Airbus (1) – Member of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee, and Chairman of the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainable Development Committee

• Director of TE Connectivity (1) – member of the Appointments, Governance and Compliance Committee

• Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Opera of Paris

• Director of France Industrie

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Vice-Chairman of the Executive Committee of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (Switzerland)

• Lead Independent Director of AXA (1) – Chairman of the Compensation, Governance and Sustainable Development Committee (until 2023)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Environmental/Climate, Social and Governance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Energy sector

• Industrial sector

• Public policies

• International experience

(1) Listed company.

[Page 258] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

CATHERINE MACGREGOR

Director

Chief Executive Of ˱cer

Attends without being a member the meetings of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

Attends without being a member the meetings of the Investment and Technology Committee

Age: 53

Nationality: French

Attends without being a member the meetings of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee

First appointment: May 20, 2021

Expiration of term: 2029

Shares held: 214,000 shares

Catherine MacGregor joined the ENGIE Group on January 1, 2021, as Chief Executive Of ˱cer, after having spent her entire career in the energy sector. Catherine MacGregor is an engineer and a graduate of the École Centrale de Paris (CentraleSupélec). Before joining the ENGIE Group in January 2021, she held various executive positions in the energy sector. From 2019 to 2020, she was a member of the Executive Committee of TechnipFMC and directed the engineering entity, Technip Energies. She notably prepared its IPO. Previously, Catherine MacGregor worked for 23 years for Schlumberger where she held a variety of roles (chair of the drilling group, chair in charge of Europe and Africa, deputy chair of the group's human resources, etc.) in different geographic areas (Republic of Congo, United States, United Kingdom, Malaysia, etc.). In 2023, Catherine MacGregor joined Microsoft's Board of Directors as an Independent Director.

Business address: ENGIE 65-67, rue Jules Ferry 92250 La GarenneColombes

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

None

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Vice President of Eurelectric

• Director of AFEP

• Director and member of the Association française des entreprises pour l'environnement (EpE)

• Director of Microsoft Corporation (1) (United States) – Member of the Environment, Social and Public Policy Committee. Chair of the Compensation Committee

• Member of the Club of Partners of the Toulouse School of Economics

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Director of the ENGIE Foundation (until 2023)

• Member of the Executive Committee of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (Switzerland) (until 2023)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Environmental/Climate and Social

• Digital/AI

• Energy sector

• Industrial sector

• International experience

(1) Listed company.

[Page 259] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

FABRICE BRÉGIER

Director

Member of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Age: 64

Nationality: French

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

First appointment: May 3, 2016

Expiration of term: 2028

Shares held: 2,500 shares

Fabrice Brégier is a graduate of the École polytechnique and Chief Engineer at the Corps des mines. He began his career at the Ministry of Industry and Trade's Alsace of ˱ce, before being appointed SubDirector of Economic, International and Financial Affairs within the Directorate-General for Food at the French Ministry of Agriculture in 1989. After serving as an advisor to several French ministers from 1989 to 1993, Fabrice Brégier joined Matra Défense and became Chief Executive Of˱cer of MBD/ MBDA in 1998. Before joining the Executive Committee of Airbus in 2005, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Of˱cer of Eurocopter from 2003 to 2005. Fabrice Brégier has 20 years' experience in the aerospace and defense industries. He has spent a large part of his career with the Airbus Group serving successively as Deputy Chief Executive Of˱cer of Airbus from 2006 to 2012, Chairman and Chief Executive Of˱cer of Airbus from 2012 to 2017 and, lastly, Chairman of Airbus Commercial Aircraft and Chief Operating Of˱cer of Airbus Group from 2017 to 2018. Fabrice Brégier served as Chairman of Palantir Technologies France between October 2018 to May 2024. He was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of SCOR on June 25, 2023.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Business address: SCOR 5, avenue Kléber 75795 Paris Cedex 16

Chairman of the Board of Directors of SCOR

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Chairman of the Board of Directors of SCOR (1) – Chairman of the Strategic Committee, Chairman of the Crisis Management Committee, member of the Accounts and Audit Committee and member of the Risk Committee

• Director of KK Wind Solutions (Denmark)

• Director of Safran (1) – Member of the Innovation, Technology and Climate Committee

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Chairman of Palantir Technologies France (until 2024)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• Finance

• Digital/AI

• Industrial sector

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Listed company.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 260] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

MARIE-CLAIRE DAVEU

Director

Chair of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee

Age: 54

Nationality: French

First appointment: April 21, 2022

Expiration of term: 2026

Shares held: 3,500 shares

A graduate of the (ENGREF, part of IPEF), Marie-Claire Daveu also holds a DESS ( Diplôme d'études supérieures spécialisées – French diploma of higher specialized studies) in public management from Université Paris Dauphine. She began her career in 1997 at the Departmental Directorate of Agriculture and Forestry in the Manche county in France. In 2001, she joined the Ministry for Planning and the Environment. In 2002, she was appointed Technical Advisor for Ecology and Sustainable Development in the Of ˱ce of Prime Minister, then Chief of Staff to the Minister of Ecology and Sustainable Development in 2004. In 2005, she became Director of Sustainable Development at the Sano˱-Aventis Group. In 2007, she was appointed Chief of Staff, ˱rst at the of˱ce of the Secretary of State for Ecology, then at the of˱ce of the Secretary of State for Outlook and Digital Development, and then at the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development, Transport and Housing. In 2012, she joined the Kering Group and was appointed Director of Sustainable Development and International Institutional Relations. She is a member of the Group's Executive Committee.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Chief Sustainability and International Institutional Affairs Of ˱cer at Kering

Business address: KERING 40, rue de Sèvres 75007 Paris

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Director of Crédit Agricole (1) – Member of the Risk Committee, member of the Compensation Committee and member of the Strategic and Societal Commitment Committee of the Company

• Member of the Supervisory Board of the Compagnie du Ponant

• Director at Indosuez Wealth Management

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Director at Crédit Agricole CIB – Member of the Compensation Committee (until 2020)

• Director at SPAC Transition (1) (until 2022)

• Director at Albioma (1) – Chair of the Social Responsibility Committee (until 2022)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Environmental/Climate, Social and Governance

• Digital/AI

• Energy sector

• Public policies

• International experience

(1) Listed company.

[Page 261] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

MICHEL GIANNUZZI

Director

Member of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Member of the Audit Committee

Age: 61

Nationality: French

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

First appointment: April 30, 2024

Expiration of term: 2028

Michel Giannuzzi was Chief Executive Of ˱cer of Verallia from 2017 to 2022. Since 2022, he has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors. Thanks to the development and implementation of a successful value creation strategy, he successfully led Verallia's IPO on the Euronext Paris market in October 2019. Previously, he served as Chairman of the Executive Board of Tarkett, a world leader in innovative ˳oor covering and sports surface solutions, from 2007 to 2017. During his time in of˱ce, he implemented a pro˱table and sustainable growth strategy, leading to Tarkett's IPO on the Euronext Paris market in 2013. Previously, Michel Giannuzzi held several senior management positions within the Michelin and Valeo groups. He is a graduate of École polytechnique and Harvard Business School.

Shares held: 2,500 shares

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

• Chairman of the Board of Directors of Verallia

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Business address: VERALLIA 31 place des Corolles 92400 Courbevoie

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Chairman of the Board of Directors of Verallia (1) – Chairman of the Strategic Committee and member of the Sustainable Development Committee

• Director of Peugeot Invest (1) – Chair of the Governance, Compensation and Appointments Committee and member of the Investments Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Director of Factory Mutual Insurance Company (FM Global) – member of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Chairman and Chief Executive Of ˱cer of Verallia (1) (until 2022)

• Director of Kaufman & Broad (1) (until 2024)

• Director at Daher (until 2025)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Environmental/Climate and Governance

• Finance

• Industrial sector

• International experience

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Listed company.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 262] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

ROSS MCINNES

Director

Chairman of the Audit Committee

Member of the Investment and Technology Committee

Member of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee

Age: 71

Nationality: French and Australian

First appointment: May 18, 2018

Expiration of term: 2026

Shares held: 4,900 shares

Business address: SAFRAN 2, boulevard du Général‑Martial‑Valin 75015 Paris

A graduate of the University of Oxford, Ross McInnes began his career in 1977 with Kleinwort Benson in London and then in Rio de Janeiro. In 1980, he joined Continental Bank (which became Bank of America) where he successively held several positions in corporate ˱nance operations, ˱rst in Chicago and then in Paris. In 1989, Ross McInnes joined Eridania Beghin-Say, where he was appointed Chief Financial Of˱cer in 1991, and a member of the Board of Directors in 1999. The following year, Ross McInnes joined Thomson-CSF (now Thales) as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Of˱cer and worked on the transformation of the Group until 2005. He then joined the PPR Group (now Kering) as Senior Vice President for Finance and Strategy, then became a member of the Supervisory Board of Générale de Santé in 2006. He temporarily chaired the Management Board of Générale de Santé from March until June 2007. He also held the position of Vice-Chairman of Macquarie Capital Europe, specializing primarily in network investments. In March 2009, Ross McInnes joined Safran and became Executive Vice President, Economic and Financial Affairs in June of that year. He served as a member of the Safran Management Board from July 2009 to April 2011, then as Deputy Chief Executive Of˱cer until April 2015. On April 23, 2015, he became Chairman of the Safran Board of Directors. In February 2017, he joined SICOM, the general partner of VIVESCIA Industries, as a “quali˱ed person.” From February of 2015 to November 2024, Ross McInnes also served as Special Representative for economic relations with Australia, appointed by the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs in the context of French economic diplomacy. From November 2016 to November 2019, he was a member of the High Committee on Corporate Governance. In October 2017, the French Prime Minister appointed Ross McInnes Co-Chairman of the Public Action 2022 Committee to propose actions to reform public policies. The Committee has since achieved its goals. In December 2025, he was co-opted as a Director of Rexecode, a French non-governmental economic research institute dedicated to economic information and business development.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Chairman of the Board of Directors of Safran

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Chairman of the Board of Directors of Safran (1)

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Lead Director at Lectra (1) (until 2025)

• Director at Eutelsat Communications (1) (until 2022)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Environmental/Climate and Governance

• Finance

• Industrial sector

• International experience

(1) Listed company.

[Page 263] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

MARIE-JOSÉ NADEAU

Director

Chair of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Member of the Investment and Technology Committee

Member of the Audit Committee

Age: 72

Nationality: Canadian

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

First appointment: April 28, 2015

Expiration of term: 2027

Shares held: 5,600 shares

Marie-José Nadeau is an expert on the energy sector. She is an honorary Chair of the World Energy Council, which she chaired from 2013-2016, after being a Director there for 15 years. Moreover, MarieJosé Nadeau has more than 20 years' experience as a top executive and has served as a member of audit committees for 10 years. A trained attorney who holds a master's degree in public law from the University of Ottawa, she assumed strategic functions in the Canadian and Quebec governments before serving as Corporate Secretary and Executive Vice President at Hydro-Québec (Canada). She is also the Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors of Alto (formerly Via HFR – Via TGF), a Canadian company responsible for the development and network of a high-speed rail service over a distance of 1,000 km between the cities of Québec and Toronto. In 2009, she was awarded the title of Advocatus Emeritus by the Quebec Bar for her contribution to the legal profession. In 2016, she was appointed as a member of the Order of Canada in recognition for her commitment to education and the environment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Business address: ENGIE 65-67, rue Jules Ferry 92250 La GarenneColombes

Director of companies

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Director – Vice-President of Via HFR – Via TGF (Canada)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Director of the Electric Power Research Institute (United States) (until 2023)

• Director of Trans Mountain Corporation (Canada) (until 2024)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Environmental/Climate and Governance

• Energy sector

• Industrial sector

• International experience

(1) Listed company.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 264] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Director representing the French State, appointed by decree

CÉLINE FORNARO

Director representing the French State, appointed by decree

Member of the Audit Committee

Member of the Investment and Technology Committee

Member of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

Age: 49

Nationality: French and Italian

First appointment: March 14, 2023

Expiration of term: 2027

Shares held: 0 shares

Céline Fornaro is a former student of the École Nationale de l'Aviation Civile (French School of Civil Aviation) (class of 1997) and an MSc graduate of the College of Aeronautics at Cran ˱eld University (United Kingdom). She began her career in 2000 as Marketing and Product Manager in aircraft sales at Embraer. In 2004, she joined Bank of America Merrill Lynch and was promoted to head up the research team in Aeronautics, Defense and Satellites in 2009. In 2016, Céline Fornaro joined UBS as Managing Director of European Industrials Equity Research in aerospace, equipment and new energy sources. This professional experience enabled her to acquire thorough knowledge of investment banking and the ˱nance, equipment, aerospace and transport sectors, with a global vision of these sectors in the medium and long term. Céline Fornaro, previously Chief Financial Of˱cer of Agence des Participations de l'État (APE), was appointed Deputy Chief Executive of the APE on October 1, 2023.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Deputy Chief Executive Of ˱cer of the Agence des Participations de l'Etat

Business address: Agence des Participations de l'État 139, rue de Bercy 75572 Paris Cedex 12

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Director of Safran (1) representing the French State – member of the Audit and Risk Committee and member of the Appointments and Compensation Committee

• Director of Air France – KLM (1) representing the French State – member of the Audit Committee, member of the Compensation Committee and member of the Appointments and Governance Committee

• Director of Orange (1) representing the French State – member of the Audit & Risks Committee

• Member of Chatham House, the Royal Institute of International Affairs (United Kingdom)

• Member of the Royal Aeronautical Society (United Kingdom)

• Member of Women on Boards (United Kingdom)

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Director of EDF (1) representing the French State (until 2022)

• Director of RATP representing the French State (until 2023)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• ESG: Social and Governance

• Finance

• Industrial sector

• Public policies

• International experience

(1) Listed company.

[Page 265] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the French State (2)

PATRICE DURAND

Director appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the French State

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Member of the Investment and Technology Committee

Age: 72

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Nationality: French

First appointment: December 14, 2016

Expiration of term: 2027

Shares held: 3,000 shares

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A graduate of the École Polytechnique and of the École Nationale d'Administration , Patrice Durand began his career in 1978 as Sub-Prefect, Director of the Of ˱ce of the Prefect of Eure-et-Loir and then the Haute-Normandie region (France) in 1979. From 1981 to 1994, he served successively as head of mission in the Directorate-General of Administration at the French Ministry of the Interior, Deputy Corporate Secretary and Corporate Secretary of the Paris Club; Head of the Of˱ce of Energy, Transport, and Mines and Secretary of the Economic and Social Development Fund, Head of Capital Goods and Other Investments and Deputy Director of Treasury Management. In 1994, he became Executive Vice President, then in 1995, Deputy CEO in charge of economic and ˱nancial affairs at Air France. From 1999 onwards, he was a member of the Executive Committee, in charge, among other things, of the ˱nances of the Central Risk Management, General Inspection, Legal Affairs, Asset Management, IT and Processing departments, before becoming Deputy CEO of the Crédit Lyonnais Group in 2002. In 2003, he was also named Director of Operations and Logistics and a member of the Executive Committee of Crédit Agricole S.A. In 2005, he joined Thales as Deputy CEO in charge of ˱nance and administration. From 2012 to 2015, he was Deputy CEO in charge of ˱nance and operations at the Ingenico Group. Since 2016, he has served as a Director of French and foreign companies.

Business address: ENGIE 65-67, rue Jules Ferry 92250 La GarenneColombes

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Director of companies

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

None

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

None

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Administration and management of large companies

• Finance

• Industrial sector

• Public policies

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• International experience

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 266] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

LUCIE MUNIESA

Director appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the French State

Member of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee

Age: 51

Nationality: French

First appointment: April 26, 2023

Expiration of term: 2027

Shares held: 0 shares

A graduate of the École Nationale de la Statistique et de l'Administration Économique (ENSAE), a Paris school specializing in economics, sociology and statistics, Lucie Muniesa began her career at INSEE (French national institute of statistics and economic studies), before being appointed deputy manager of the Merger and Aid department at the French ministerial General Directorate for Competition Policy, Consumer Affairs and Fraud Control in 2002. She joined the APE in 2004, as deputy manager of the Energy, Chemicals and other investments and La Poste – France Telecom divisions, before being appointed Corporate Secretary of APE in 2007. In 2010, Lucie Muniesa joined Radio France as Chief Financial Of ˱cer and then Executive Vice President in charge of ˱nance, purchasing, legal and development of own resources, before becoming Director and Deputy Corporate Secretary of the French Ministry of Culture and Communications in 2014. In February 2016, Lucie Muniesa was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Of˱cer of APE. From 2018 to 2020, she was Chief of Staff for the French Minister of Culture and from 2020 to March 2022, she was Chief of Staff for the French Minister Delegate for Foreign Trade and Attractiveness at the Ministry for Europe and Foreign Affairs. In April 2022, she joined the PAPREC Group, the French leader in recycling and the second largest waste management operator in France, as Director of Sustainable Development, Compliance and Institutional Affairs.

Business address: PAPREC 128, boulevard Haussmann 75008 Paris

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Director of Sustainable Development, Compliance and Institutional Affairs at PAPREC

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

• Member since 2024 of the Supervisory Commission of the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations

• Member since 2024 of the SNCF Stakeholders’ Committee

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

None

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• ESG: Environmental/Climate and Governance

• Finance

• Public policies

[Page 267] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Directors elected to represent employees (3)

CHRISTOPHE AGOGUÉ

Director elected by employees, sponsored by the CFE-CGC Federation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Member of the Audit Committee

Age: 64

Nationality: French

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

First appointment: May 18, 2018

Expiration of term: 2026

Christophe Agogué is a graduate of HEC with a specialization in ˱nance. In 1986, he joined EDF where he was responsible for negotiations with COGEMA on the reprocessing of used fuel. After a period in the head of˱ce, he was responsible for management and subsequently served on the Management Board of the subsidiary Nersa, in charge of the Superphénix reactor. In 2001, he moved to Gaz de France where he led the ˱xed assets department and participated in the operations to buy back the transport network from the French State, and in the initial studies on regulating infrastructure activities. Having joined GRDF at its inception, he worked on the construction of several transmission tariffs. He has held union positions on behalf of CFE-Énergies since 2009. He has been the union representative to the Central Works Committee of GRDF and to the ENGIE France Group Committee and the secretary for his local Works Committee. Since 2018, he has advised GRDF's Regulation and Economy Department on ˱nance matters.

Shares held: 125 shares

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

Member of the French Strategic Committee of the New Energy Systems Industry (Comité Stratégique de Filière Nouveaux Systèmes Énergétiques, CSF NSE) for CFE-CGC since 2022

Business address: GRDF 17, rue des Bretons 93210 Saint-Denis

Author of philosophical and sociological essays, novels and plays

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Director of the Œuvres d'Avenir Association (ODA) since 2025

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Director of ENGIE Rassembleurs d'Energie (until 2022)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ESG: Social and Governance

• Finance

• Energy sector

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 268] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

YOAN KOSNAR

Director elected by employees, sponsored by the Chemical Energy Federation – French Democratic Confederation of Labor trade union (CFDT)

Member of the Investment and Technology Committee

Age: 50

Nationality: French

First appointment: April 21, 2022

Expiration of term: 2026

With a BTS (French higher technical certi ˱cate) in Water Management and Control, specializing in wastewater, Yoan Kosnar began his career in maintenance and quality control at a mutual healthcare establishment. He then joined the Group in 2007 as Site Manager at ENGIE Energies Services S.A. (Cofely) and while maintaining his operational activity, he has supported the national CFDT coordinator with social dialogue for the ENGIE Group since 2017. Yoan Kosnar was appointed employee representative in 2011, then trade union representative and member of ENGIE European Works Council. He holds the Corporate Director Certi˱cate, issued by Sciences Po Executive Education and the French Institute of Directors (63 rd graduating class, 2023). He is in charge of the Legal and Ethics Department within the LEI GBU.

Shares held: 370 shares

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

None

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Business address: ENGIE Énergie Services 65-67, rue Jules Ferry 92250 La GarenneColombes

None

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

Within the ENGIE Energies Services S.A. scope

• Member of the SEC representing the West and Treasurer of the SEC (until 2022)

• Local Representative (until 2022)

• Member of Central SEC (until 2022)

• Trade Union Representative for the institution (until 2022)

• Gender-based harassment contact (until 2022)

At the Group level

• Member of the European Works Council (until 2022)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• ESG: Environmental/Climate, Social and Governance

• Digital/AI

• Energy sector

• Public policies

[Page 269] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

MAGALI VIOT

Director elected by employees, sponsored by the National Federation of Mines and Energy – CGT trade union

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Member of the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee

Age: 54

Nationality: French

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

First appointment: April 21, 2022

Magali Viot is an employee at Elengy, seconded on employee representation mandates since the beginning of 2014. Following her Baccalaureate Diploma, she joined the EDF-GDF in 1996 as a customer advisor in the Electricity and Gas Services Department (EGSD). In 2009, Magali Viot successfully completed professional retraining through a work-study contract and obtained a Certi ˱cate of Professional Quali˱cation (CQP) in industrial maintenance, which enabled her to become a High-voltage Maintenance Technician. In 2012, she joined the maintenance planning and management division at the Montoir-de-Bretagne terminal before dedicating herself full time to her employee representation mandates in 2014.

Expiration of term: 2026

Shares held: 39 shares

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE THE COMPANY

None

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Business address: ELENGY Zone portuaire, BP 35 44550 Montoir-de-Bretagne

Of ˱ces and positions in Group companies

• Director representing employees of Elengy

Of ˱ces and positions in companies outside the Group

• Member of the Strategic Committee for the New Energy Systems Sector, which was mandated by the CGT, a major French labor union

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Member of the Sectoral Dialogue Committee on Gas of the European Commission, which was mandated by the FNME-CGT ( Fédération nationale des mines et de l'énergie – CGT)

• Director of CNIEG

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Elected member of the Social and Economic Committee (SEC) at Elengy (until 2022)

• SEC Secretary at Elengy (until 2021)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Member of the Health & Safety and Working Conditions Commission (until 2022)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• ESG: Environmental/Climate and Social

• Energy sector

• Public policies

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 270] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Director appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the employee shareholders

GILDAS GOUVAZÉ

Director representing employee shareholders

Member of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

Gildas Gouvazé holds a Master’s degree in employment law and has developed a career combining legal expertise and social commitment.

Age: 45

Nationality: French

Between 2023 and 2025, he was a member of ENGIE SA’s Board of Directors as a representative of the SEC (Social and Economic Committee). He was also Force Ouvrière (FO) Union Coordinator for the ENGIE Group and deputy secretary of the European Works Council.

First appointment: April 24, 2025

Shares held: 450 shares

Since May 2025, Gildas Gouvazé has been a Director representing employee shareholders and a member of the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee. He also chairs the Supervisory Board of Link France and is a member of the Higher Energy Council ( Conseil Supérieur de l'Énergie – CSE). At the same time, he is Head of Digital and Skills within the Sales & Energy Management GBU.

CURRENT OFFICES AND POSITIONS HELD

Business address: ENGIE 16, rue Pierre-Salies, 31000 Toulouse

Of ˱ces and positions in Group companies

• Head of Digital and Skills within the Sales & Energy Management GBU

• Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Link France

• Member of the France Retail SEC and the ENGIE Central SEC

Other of ˱ces and positions outside the Group

• General Secretary of EeFO

• Member of the Higher Energy Council

OFFICES THAT HAVE EXPIRED IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS

• Representative of ENGIE’s Social and Economic Committee (CSE-C) on ENGIE’s Board of Directors

• ENGIE Group FO Union Coordinator

• Deputy Secretary of the ENGIE Group European Works Council

• Judge at the Toulouse industrial tribunal (Conseil des prud'hommes)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• ESG: Governance and Social

• Digital/AI

• Energy sector

[Page 271] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.1.2 Government Commissioner

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with Article L.111-70 of the French Energy Code, the Minister for Energy appoints a Government Commissioner to the Company who attends meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees in an advisory capacity and may present his/her observations to any Shareholders' Meeting.

Sophie Mourlon, French Director-General for Energy and Climate at the Ministry of Energy Transition, was appointed Government Commissioner by order of the Minister for Energy Transition dated November 3, 2023, replacing Laurent Michel. By the same ministerial order, Alexandre Chevallier was appointed Substitute Government Commissioner.

4.1.1.3 Representative of the Social and Economic Committee

Pursuant to Articles L.2312-72 et seq. of the French Labor Code, one full member of the Social and Economic Committee, appointed by the Committee, attends all meetings of the Board of Directors in an advisory capacity. At the date of this Universal Registration Document, Sabri Belhachmi holds this position.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1.1.4 Absence of con ˳ict of interest or conviction, service agreement and family ties

To ENGIE's knowledge, there are no potential con˳icts of interest between the Directors' duties with regard to ENGIE and their private interests and/or other duties.

There are no family ties among the Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chairman draws the attention of the Board to any con ˳icts of interest that he has identi˱ed, or of which he has been made aware, relating, if applicable, to the Chief Executive Of˱cer or the members of the Board of Directors. He reviews any potential con˳icts of interest and agreements disclosed pursuant to Article 3.1.4 of the Internal Rules of the Board of Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To ENGIE's knowledge, during the past ˱ve years, none of the Directors or executives of ENGIE has been convicted of fraud, served as manager in a bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation or administration situation, been subject to legal proceedings brought and/or of˱cial public sanction issued by a statutory or regulatory authority, or been prevented by a court from serving as a member of an administrative, management or supervisory body of an issuer, or from participating in the management or oversight of the business of an issuer.

Furthermore, no loans or guarantees have been granted to, or on behalf of, members of the Company's Board of Directors or Executive Committee.

In addition to the provisions of the French Commercial Code which govern related-party agreements (Articles L.225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code), Article 4.7 of the Internal Rules (see Section 4.1.2.1 Organization and Chairmanship) stipulates that each Director must make every effort to avoid any con˳ict that may exist between his/her moral and material interests and those of the Company, and must inform the Board of any con˳ict of interest in which he/ she may be directly or indirectly involved. Where he/she cannot avoid the con˳ict of interest, the Director must abstain from discussions and voting on any decision concerning such matters.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1.1.5 Independence of Directors in of ˱ce

It is speci˱ed that the following Directors, who were appointed as a result of legal or statutory obligations, cannot be deemed independent:

• Céline Fornaro, Director representing the French State, as well as Patrice Durand and Lucie Muniesa, Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the proposal of the French State;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Annually, prior to the Shareholders' Meeting held to approve the ˱nancial statements for the previous ˱scal year, the Board of Directors is required, in accordance with Article 1.1.2 of the Internal Rules, to review the independence of each of its members based on criteria determined by the Board. The process for assessing the independence of each Director was performed by the ACGC at its meeting of January 27, 2026, and then by the Board of Directors at its meeting of February 25, 2026.

• Christophe Agogué, Yoan Kosnar and Magali Viot, Directors representing employees; Gildas Gouvazé, Director representing employee shareholders.

Both bodies reviewed the independence of each Director on a case-by-case basis with respect to the criteria of the Afep-Medef Code to which the Company refers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Six Directors are considered independent (see Section 4.1.1.1 Pro ˱les, experience and expertise of Directors in of˱ce). This means that the percentage of Independent Directors is 60%, it being speci˱ed that, pursuant to the AfepMedef Code, the Directors representing employees and employee shareholders are not taken into account in the calculation of the percentage of independent Directors.

For the assessment of the signi˱cant nature (or not) of business relations, the ACGC and the Board study the extent of the business relationship, particularly in relation to the revenues generated by the contract(s) concerned, in relation to the other partners. They also analyze the decision-making power that the Director would have within the company with which ENGIE would have this business relationship.

[Page 272] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

INDEPENDENCE OF DIRECTORS UNDER THE INDEPENDENCE CRITERIA LAID DOWN IN ARTICLE 10 OF THE AFEP‑MEDEF CODE

Independent (I)

Corporate employee during the previous 5 years Crossdirectorships

Term of of˱ce longer than 12 years

Major shareholder status

Not independent (NI)

Signi ˱cant business relations Family ties Statutory Auditor

Nonexecutive corporate of˱cer status

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu I

Catherine MacGregor NI ✗

Fabrice Brégier I

Marie-Claire Daveu I

Michel Giannuzzi I

Ross McInnes I

Marie-José Nadeau I

Céline Fornaro NI ✗

Patrice Durand NI ✗

Lucie Muniesa NI ✗

Christophe Agogué NI/NA (1) ✗

Yoan Kosnar NI/NA (1) ✗

Magali Viot NI/NA (1) ✗

Gildas Gouvazé NI/NA (1) ✗

✗ = Independence criterion not met. (1) Pursuant to the Afep-Medef Code, the number of Directors representing employees or employee shareholders is not taken into account in calculating the percentage of Independent Directors.

Criterion 1: Corporate employee during the previous ˶ve years

Criterion 4: Family ties

The Director has no close family ties with a corporate of ˶cer.

The Director must not be or have been during the previous ˶ve years:

Criterion 5: Statutory Auditor

• an employee or executive corporate of ˶cer of the Company;

The Director has not been the Statutory Auditor of the Company during the previous ˶ve years.

• an employee, executive corporate of ˶cer or Director of a company consolidated by the Company;

Criterion 6: Term of of ˶ce longer than twelve years

• an employee, executive corporate of ˶cer or Director of the parent company of the Company or of a company consolidated by said parent company.

The Director has not served for more than twelve years. The status of Independent Director is lost on the twelve-year anniversary date.

Criterion 2: Cross-directorships

Criterion 7: Non-executive corporate of ˶cer status

A non-executive corporate of ˶cer may not be considered independent if he or she receives variable compensation in cash or securities or any compensation related to the performance of the Company or the Group.

The Director must not be an executive corporate of ˶cer of a company in which the Company directly or indirectly holds a directorship, or in which an employee designated as such or an executive corporate of˶cer of the Company (current or within the last ˶ve years) holds a directorship.

Criterion 8: Major shareholder status

Criterion 3: Signi ˶cant business relations

The Director may not be a customer, supplier, commercial banker, investment banker or consultant:

• signi ˶cant to the Company or its Group;

• or for whom the Company or its Group represents a signi ˶cant share of the business.

Directors representing major shareholders of the Company or its parent company may be considered independent when such shareholders do not exercise control over the Company. However, if a Director exceeds a threshold of 10% of the capital or voting rights, the Board, based on a report by the Appointments Committee, systematically reviews the independent status of the director(s) concerned, taking into account the structure of the Company's capital and whether or not potential con ˸icts of interest exist.

The assessment of the signi˶cant nature (or not) of the relationship with the Company or its Group is debated by the Board and the quantitative and qualitative criteria that led to this assessment (continuity, economic dependence, exclusivity, etc.) are explained in the annual report.

[Page 273] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.1.6 Multiple directorships

hold more than two other directorships in listed companies outside his/her group, including foreign companies. A Director may not hold more than four other directorships in listed companies outside the Group, including foreign companies. ”

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The number of of ˱ces held by the Directors in listed companies outside the Group, including foreign companies, is in line with the provisions of Article L.225-21 of the French Commercial Code and Article 20 of the Afep-Medef Code, which stipulates that: “ An executive corporate of ˶cer may not

Number of of ˱ces held in listed companies outside the Group Compliance with the Afep‑Medef Code

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu 2 ●

Catherine MacGregor 1 ●

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Fabrice Brégier 2 ●

Marie-Claire Daveu 1 ●

Michel Giannuzzi 2 ●

Ross McInnes 1 ●

Marie-José Nadeau 0 ●

Céline Fornaro 3 ●

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Patrice Durand 0 ●

Lucie Muniesa 0 ●

Christophe Agogué 0 ●

Yoan Kosnar 0 ●

Magali Viot 0 ●

Gildas Gouvazé 0 ●

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1.1.7 Diversity policy for members of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors works to promote diversity on the Board in terms of gender, nationality, quali ˱cations and professional experience, and age of its members.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE also seeks to increase the diversity and international experience of its Board of Directors. Four nationalities are represented by the 14 Directors (Australian, Canadian, Italian and French).

Pursuant to the provisions of Article L.225-17 of the French Commercial Code, which established the principle of balanced gender representation on Boards of Directors, at the date of this report, ENGIE's Board of Directors includes six female Directors from a total of 14 members.

With regard to the professional quali˱cations and experience of the Directors, the objective of the Board is to ensure that its membership is adequate in respect of ENGIE's activities, challenges and strategic plans, thereby contributing to the quality of the decisions it makes.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2024, the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the ACGC, decided to update the Directors' skills matrix to better re˳ect expertise in areas deemed important for the Group.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Furthermore, in the area of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) criteria, skills are speci˱ed for each pillar: environmental/climate, social and governance. For each Director, their most relevant skills for the needs of the Board of Directors, based on their quali˱cations and professional experience, are identi˱ed. These are set out in the table below and under each of their biographies.

It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2022/2381 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 23, 2022 on improving the gender balance among directors of listed companies (known as Women on Boards Directive) requires Member States to ensure that companies are subject to gender balance targets to be achieved by no later than June 30, 2026. This directive was transposed into French law by Ordinance No. 2024-934 of October 15, 2024, which provides for a separate assessment of the gender balance obligation, on the one hand within the group of Directors representing employees and, on the other, within the group of Directors appointed by shareholders (including the Director representing employee shareholders).

Finally, in terms of age, the Board has three Directors aged over 70. The applicable legal requirement, in the absence of a speci˱c provision in the bylaws, is therefore satis˱ed, i.e., Directors over the age of 70 must not make up more than one third of the Directors in of˱ce [ESRS 2 - GOV-1] .

Accordingly, the group of Directors appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting (including the Director representing employee shareholders) has a female representation rate of 45%, while the group of Directors representing employees has a female representation rate of 33%, which is in line with the legal requirement given its three-member composition.

[Page 274] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

INDIVIDUAL KEY AREAS OF EXPERTISE OF DIRECTORS

ESG

List of areas of expertise

Administration and management of large companies

Finance Digital/ AI Energy sector Industrial sector Public policies International experience Environment and climate Social Governance

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●

Catherine MacGregor ● ● ● ● ● ● ●

Fabrice Brégier ● ● ● ●

Marie-Claire Daveu ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ●

Michel Giannuzzi ● ● ● ● ● ●

Ross McInnes ● ● ● ● ● ●

Marie-José Nadeau ● ● ● ● ● ●

Céline Fornaro ● ● ● ● ● ● ●

Patrice Durand ● ● ● ● ●

Lucie Muniesa ● ● ● ●

Christophe Agogué ● ● ● ●

Yoan Kosnar ● ● ● ● ● ●

Magali Viot ● ● ● ●

Gildas Gouvazé ● ● ●

64% 64 % 57% 71 % 50% 36 % 57% 57% 50% 57%

Percentage of Directors with the necessary skills

Total of 14 Directors at December 31, 2025

8 International experience

9 Administration and management of large companies

7 Public policies

9 Environment and climate

8 Industrial sector

8 Social

8 Energy sector

5 Digital/AI

10 Governance 7 Finance

4.1.1.8 Process for the recruitment of a Director

The ACGC Chair, in coordination with the Chairman of the Board of Directors, oversees the search and selection process for new Directors.

The procedure for the selection and appointment of Directors representing employees, the Director representing employee shareholders and Directors appointed by or on the recommendation of the French State is subject to a speci ˱c regulatory and/or statutory framework which is set out in Section 4.1.1.

In 2025, the ACGC devoted several sessions to preparing succession plans for Directors. The Committee was assisted by an independent external ˱rm specialized in identifying future candidates for directorships at CAC 40 companies.

An initial list of candidates is drawn up, followed by a shortlist of the most suitable pro˱les.

At the end of the process, candidates are interviewed with a view to submitting a recommendation to the Board of Directors. These discussions, conducted in a constructive and open manner, enable the ACGC to ensure that the preferred candidates meet expectations, particularly in terms of independence, availability, motivation and expertise, as well as adherence to the Group's values and culture.

In accordance with the recommendations of the Afep-Medef Code (Article 18.2.1), the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee (ACGC) has set up a procedure for selecting future members of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to this procedure, the ACGC reviews all candidates for the position of Director to be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting, taking into account skills (see Section 4.1.1.7), experience and diversity of pro˱les, according to the diversity policy for members of the Board of Directors. The independence of prospective candidates is also considered, in accordance with the criteria set out in the Afep-Medef Code (see Section 4.1.1.5). The ACGC is then responsible for issuing an opinion and/or recommendation to the Board as regards the prospective candidates (Article 5.3.2 of the Internal Rules).

[Page 275] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Following these interviews and the review of the different pro ˱les, the ACGC selects the candidates to be presented to the Board. The Board analyzes the various pro˱les and decides to put forward certain candidates – in line with requirements – for shareholders’ approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The replacement of Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting whose position becomes vacant during the term of of˱ce, due to death or resignation, is subject to the laws and regulations in force. These measures regarding co-optation in particular are not applicable in the event that the seat of a Director elected by the employees or the seat of the Director representing employee shareholders becomes vacant, for any reason whatsoever.

PRE-SELECTION PROFILE SELECTION APPOINTMENT

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1) A longlist is drawn up by the ACGC with the help of an independent external ﬁrm

The appointment of a candidate is proposed for approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting

The ACGC determines the required proﬁle with regard to skills, experience, the Group’s diversity policy and independence

1) The ACGC recommends to the Board the appointment of one or more candidates

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2) A shortlist is established and the candidates interviewed by the ACGC

2) The Board analyses proﬁles and selects a candidate

4.1.1.9 Training of Directors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On-boarding and training program for new members of the Board of Directors

Generally, the training provided to ENGIE's Employee Directors, led by both internal and external speakers, focuses on the following topics: Directors' role, ˱nance, governance, ESG, and English. Additional sessions are provided for all Directors on certain strategic aspects or activities of ENGIE.

Site visits

Directors are offered the opportunity to visit company sites.

Each Director may receive the training necessary for the proper performance of his or her role as Director – and, where applicable, as Committee member – provided or approved by the company in accordance with Article 4.1 of the Internal Rules of ENGIE's Board of Directors and with Article 14 of the Afep-Medef Code.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

During its November 30, 2022 meeting, members of the ACGC adopted an on-boarding and training program for any new members of the Board in principle within six months of taking of ˱ce, to allow them to rapidly acquire good understanding of the company's structure and activities. This program consists of meetings with members of the Executive Committee, and information sessions delivered by experts from the various business lines of the Group. The program also includes training on cross-cutting topics, including ESG, and features site visits selected by the company to represent the Group's activity.

In 2025, Directors had the opportunity to visit several sites that represent ENGIE's activities. They ˱rst visited the Gournay-surAronde gas storage site, where studies are underway to limit the environmental impact of its operations. Storengy, which operates the site, is continuing with its mission to store renewable gases, biomethane and hydrogen in its underground storage facilities. The Directors then visited NaTran's Research & Innovation Center, featuring testing platforms used to verify the resilience of physical structures and accelerate innovation around the transportation of hydrogen and CO 2 . Finally, they visited the Vermandois biogas production site operated by ENGIE Bioz.

Training of Directors representing employees and employee shareholders

These visits allowed the Board members to gain practical insight into the Group's advances in low-carbon gas technologies and the associated operational challenges.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ESG training

In September 2024, the Board members received specialized training on the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), which is the European directive de ˱ning the standards and obligations for corporate non-˱nancial disclosures. The Sustainability Statement has been subject to a mandatory limited assurance audit since 2024 (publication in this Universal Registration Document) [ESRS 2 - GOV-1] .

At its meeting on August 1, 2024, the Board of Directors adopted a training program for Directors representing employees and the Director representing employee shareholders. This program was established in accordance with Article L.225‑30‑2 of the French Commercial Code, Article 14 of the Afep-Medef Code and Article 4.1 of the Internal Rules of the Board of Directors. This program aims to help Directors acquire or perfect the necessary knowledge and technical expertise to ful ˱ll their role. It mainly covers the role and operation of the Board of Directors, the rights, obligations and responsibilities of Directors, and the Group's structure and activities. The Board of Directors must determine, after consulting the Directors concerned, the content of the training program for the entire term of of˱ce and the organization(s) responsible for delivering the training.

In order to consolidate the knowledge acquired from the training course given in 2024, and in line with regulatory developments arising in particular from the Omnibus I package and the CS3D (Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive), a training course could be envisaged in 2026.

[Page 276] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Cross-cutting topics at Board meetings

Information meetings

In 2025, Directors received an information session focused on the impact of renewable energies on the balancing of electricity grids, as well as ˳exibility requirements and solutions.

Cross-cutting topics discussed at Board meetings included presentations of NaTran’s activities and the Procurement Functional Line, an item on gas supply, a spotlight on the brand's 10 th anniversary, as well as a presentation of GRDF’s activities.

4.1.1.10 Succession plan for executive corporate of ˱cers

With regard to the succession of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chair of the ACGC proposed, in 2025, setting up a special committee, in accordance with the recommendations of the Afep-Medef Code and the provisions of the Internal Rules. This proposal was approved by the Board.

The ACGC assists ENGIE's Board of Directors in preparing succession plans for the Chairman and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer (Article 5.3.2 of the Board's Internal Rules). The Chairman and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer may attend ACGC meetings, with the exception of meetings discussing issues concerning them.

This special committee was responsible for conducting the process for the Chairman's succession.

It was made up of the current members of the ACGC and the two independent Chairs of the other two committees, namely the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC) and the Audit Committee. The Chairman of the Board did not attend the special committee meetings.

The Board of Directors' Internal Rules (Article 5) also stipulate that the Board may set up temporary special committees. The Board determines the membership and remit of such committees, which carry out their activities under its responsibility. Special committees may notably be created to draw up a succession plan for the executive corporate of˱cers, in accordance with the recommendations set out in the Afep-Medef Code (Article 18.2.2).

The special committee worked with an independent external ˱rm specialized in identifying prospective candidates for the of˱ce of Chairman of the Board.

The Chief Executive Of˱cer's succession plan was last reviewed in 2024, when her term of of˱ce was renewed.

At its meeting on January 23, 2026, at the end of its work and after interviewing several candidates, the special committee presented its conclusions and closed its assignment. It formulated an opinion, presented to the ACGC, on the basis of which the latter issued a recommendation to the Board of Directors, enabling the Chairman's succession plan to be ˱nalized.

4.1.1.11 Changes in membership structure of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors will also propose to the next Shareholders’ Meeting the renewal of the terms of of˱ce of two other Directors: Marie-Claire Daveu and Ross McInnes.

At its meeting on February 25, 2026, the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next Shareholders’ Meeting that Jean-Pierre Clamadieu's term of of ˱ce as Director be renewed, and that he be asked to continue as Chairman of the Board until he reaches the age limit stipulated in the bylaws, at the close of the Shareholders’ Meeting in 2027, when he will also cease to be a Director.

In addition, as the terms of of˱ce of Directors representing employees are due to expire at the close of the next Shareholders’ Meeting, the trade unions have, in accordance with the method of appointment laid down in the bylaws (see Section 4.1.1), appointed three successors, whose terms of of˱ce will take effect at the close of this Meeting, to replace the outgoing Directors representing employees.

In accordance with the ACGC's proposal, the Board of Directors will appoint Michel Giannuzzi as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors at the close of the next Shareholders’ Meeting. He will be appointed Chairman of the Board at the close of the 2027 Shareholders’ Meeting.

As a result, at the close of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2026, and subject to approval of these resolutions, the Board of Directors will consist of 14 members.

4.1.1.12 Convening of the Shareholders'

The documents for the Shareholders' Meeting will be available on the Company website (www.engie.com/en/general-meetingapril-2026).

At its meeting of February 25, 2026, the Board of Directors decided to convene the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting to be held on April 29, 2026, at the ENGIE Campus - 67, rue Jules Ferry, 92250 La Garenne-Colombes.

Shareholders are invited to visit this page of the website regularly. It will specify the arrangements for participating.

Shareholders should note that both postal and electronic means may be used to vote at the Shareholders' Meeting and to send written questions to the Board, under the conditions set out by the regulations.

[Page 277] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.2 Activities and operations of the Board of Directors

4.1.2.1 Organization and Chairmanship

Organization of the Board of Directors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The functioning of the Board of Directors is de ˱ned in Article 14 of the bylaws. Its operating procedures are set out in Article 3 of the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules, which specify the practical procedures for ensuring the effectiveness of the Board in serving the Company and its shareholders, together with the Directors' duties.

The appendix to the Internal Rules (https://www.engie.com/en/ by-laws-ENGIE) sets out the rules governing trading in the Company's securities and the offense of insider trading applicable to corporate of˱cers and all employees. It expresses the Company's desire to ensure prudent management of its securities, and to comply and ensure others' compliance with current regulations governing securities transactions carried out by corporate of˱cers and employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition to these documents, the Regulation for Employee Directors, approved by the Board of Directors updated in March 2022, lays down conditions under which these Directors are to exercise their duties.

The Board of Directors meets as often as the Company's interests require and, in accordance with its Internal Rules, at least six times a year, including at least once each quarter. Board of Directors' meetings may be held via any means of videoconference or telecommunication that allows Directors to be identi˱ed and ensures their effective participation.

Powers and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board of Directors

The Chairman of the Board of Directors:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• organizes and directs the work of the Board and reports on it to the Shareholders' Meeting;

Since 2016, a digital platform has been available to Directors for them to carry out their tasks. The platform is accessible via an app on a tablet provided by the Company to all members of the Board of Directors. It notably allows documents related to meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees to be shared securely.

• chairs the Board's meetings, oversees deliberations, ensures compliance with the bylaws and the Internal Rules, and may suspend the session at any time;

• upholds the quality of the discussions and ensures that the Board's decisions are made on a collective basis;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Board of Directors' meetings are also attended by the Government's Commissioner and the representative of the Social and Economic Committee, who each have an advisory role. They are also attended by the Corporate Secretary and the Secretary to the Board of Directors, the Executive Vice President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement, as well as the Statutory Auditors.

• makes sure that the Board spends enough time on discussions and allots time to each of the items on the agenda in proportion to the importance that each issue represents for the Company. The Directors ensure, collectively, that the time allotted to each of them to express their views is evenly balanced;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• pays particular attention to ensuring that the issues raised on the agenda receive an appropriate response;

• ensures that the Board and its committees function properly, assisting them and submitting questions to them for opinions;

Once a year, the Board of Directors carries out an assessment of its functioning under the guidance of the ACGC; at least every three years, a formal assessment is carried out with the help of an external consultant (see Section 4.1.2.5 Assessment of the operations of the Board of Directors). Pursuant to Article 11.2 of the Afep-Medef Code, the purpose of this assessment is to review its practices, to verify that key issues are properly prepared and discussed, and to assess the actual contribution of each Director to the Board's work.

The Secretary of the Board of Directors provides administrative services to the Board and records the minutes of the meetings.

• ensures that the principles of good governance are applied (particularly that Directors have the information they need to carry out their tasks, suf ˱ciently in advance and in a clear and appropriate form);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ensures that the Shareholders' Meetings that he/she chairs are properly organized;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• answers questions from shareholders and, more generally, ensures good relations with them. If necessary, he/she provides assistance in responding to the requests of shareholders not represented on the Board and makes him or herself available to meet with them and listen to their comments and suggestions (see also Section 4.1.2.7 Discussions with shareholders).

Working with the Chief Executive Of ˱cer, the Chairman of the Board is also responsible for:

On the recommendations of the ACGC of February 20, 2024, the Board of Directors' meeting of February 21, 2024, strengthened the Internal Rules (Article 4.2) concerning the obligation set out in the bylaws of holding shares in the Company. Each Director must now hold a minimum of 25% of his/her annual compensation in shares. The Director will have a period of one year from his/her appointment to acquire these shares. This requirement does not, however, apply to Directors rati ˱ed or elected by the Shareholders' Meeting on the recommendation of the French State, the Director representing the French State, the Directors representing employees or the Director representing employee shareholders (the number of shares personally owned by the Directors is provided in Section 4.1.1.1 and in their biographies).

• organizing the strategic work of the Board;

• monitoring the preparation and implementation of succession plans for the members of the Executive Committee;

Directors undertake to devote the necessary time and attention to their duties. They must stay informed of the activities and the speci˱cs of ENGIE and its issues and values, including by talking and meeting with senior executives. They must attend Board meetings regularly and conscientiously.

• representing the Group at a high level with national and international bodies and institutions in the interest of the Group.

The Chairman also:

The individual attendance rates of the Directors for meetings of the Board and its committees are set out in Section 4.1.2.6 Attendance by Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees in 2025 below.

• devotes his best efforts to promoting the Group's values and image in all circumstances;

• keeps the members of the Board informed, as necessary, between meetings;

[Page 278] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

• is the only person authorized to speak and act on the Board's behalf;

As well as exercising the powers conferred on him by law, he may be consulted by the Chief Executive Of˱cer on any matter relating to the running of the business.

• draws the attention of the Board to any con ˳icts of interest that he has identi˱ed, or of which he has been made aware, concerning, where applicable, the Chief Executive Of˱cer or the members of the Board of Directors. He examines situations of potential con˳icts of interest.

The Board may assign information or consultation tasks to the Chairman on speci˱c subjects within the Board's purview.

The Chairman is kept regularly informed by the Chief Executive Of˱cer about signi˱cant events in the life of the Group, particularly with regard to strategy, organization, investment and disinvestment. At the Chief Executive Of˱cer's invitation, the Chairman may attend internal meetings with the Company's executives and teams to provide his point of view on strategic issues.

The Chairman works in coordination with the Chief Executive Of˱cer, who has responsibility for Group administration and operational management.

If he is unavailable, the Chairman is replaced, pursuant to Article 3.1.1 of the Internal Rules, by a Vice-Chairman or, if that is not possible, by the Chief Executive Of˱cer if the CEO is a Director or, if not, by another Director chosen by the Board at the beginning of the meeting.

4.1.2.2 Duties of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors, on a collective basis, determines the Company's business strategy and oversees its implementation.

Subject to the applicable laws and regulations and the Company bylaws, it determines the supervisory framework of Executive Management. It exercises the following powers [ESRS 2 - GOV-1] :

Governance • choosing the Executive Management system.

Appointments and Compensation

• appointing the executive corporate of ˱cers and setting their compensation; • reviewing, at least once a year, the professional and salary equality policy.

Strategy • ensuring that shareholders and investors receive relevant, balanced and instructive information about the Company's strategy and development model, the handling of signi ˱cant non-˱nancial issues and the Company's long-term prospects; • reviewing, at least once a year, the Group's industrial strategy and ˱nancial strategy.

Finance • dealing with all matters concerning the ef ˱cient running of the Company and, through its decisions, managing the Company's business; • performing any checks and veri ˱cations it considers appropriate; • reviewing, at least once a year, the budget.

ESG • working to promote long-term value creation by the company by taking into consideration the social and environmental challenges of its activities as well as its purpose; • reviewing, at least once a year, market trends, the competitive context and principal challenges, including in the area of the Group's social and environmental responsibility.

Sharing of powers and responsibilities between the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer

• entering into long-term energy procurement plans on behalf of the Group that involves quantities, per transaction, in excess of:

• 30 billion kWh of gas per year, including the terms of transmission,

• 20 billion kWh of electricity per year, including the terms of transmission;

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer is vested with the broadest powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Company and represents the Company in its relations with third parties. However, certain signi˱cant operations are subject to prior authorization by the Board of Directors, such as the following operations:

• entering into signi ˱cant transactions beyond the scope of the Company's stated strategy;

• real estate acquisition or disposal transactions for an amount exceeding €200 million;

• entering into the following transactions for an amount exceeding €1.5 billion:

• acquiring or disposing of any of the Company's direct or indirect interests in any company formed, or to be formed, taking an interest in the formation of any company, joint venture, consortium or body or subscribing to any issue of shares, share equivalents or bonds in which the Company's or the Group's ˱nancial exposure exceeds €250 million for the transaction in question;

• granting or contracting any loans, borrowings, credit or cash advances by the Company, or authorizing any Group subsidiary or ˱nancing medium for this purpose,

• acquiring or assigning any receivables, by any method,

• becoming involved in asset contributions or exchange transactions, with or without a cash balance, relative to goods, securities, stocks or bonds for an amount exceeding €250 million;

• entering into supply, works or service contracts (with the exceptions of contracts related to long-term energy purchase transactions), including successive amendments thereto, if any, for an amount exceeding €400 million;

• entering into signi ˱cant agreements with the French State relating to the objectives and terms and conditions of implementation of public service assignments entrusted to the Company or its subsidiaries, within the limits set by law.

• resolving disputes by way of agreement, settlement or arbitration decision for an amount exceeding €200 million;

In addition, each year, the Board of Directors authorizes the Chief Executive Of˱cer to issue guarantees, other securities and bonds for amounts determined by the Board of Directors.

[Page 279] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.2.3 Work of the Board of Directors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

9 14 45% 60% 99% meetings members women Independent Directors attendance

The Board of Directors of ENGIE met nine times in 2025, with an average attendance rate of 99%. The average individual attendance rate at meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees for 2025 is indicated, for each director, in Section 4.1.2.6 Attendance by Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees in 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The agenda of Board meetings is established by the Chairman and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer. The objective is to prioritize discussions for issues which, under the Group's governance principles and pursuant to the texts in force, such as the Internal Rules, involve a decision.

Each session begins with an item on health & safety. The Chief Executive Of˱cer also provides an update on the situation of the Group.

STRATEGIC PLANNING SEMINAR

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Board held its annual strategic planning seminar in June 2025. The seminar included a presentation of the Group's downstream strategy and an overview of the Supply & Energy Management (S&EM) GBU, followed by a discussion of S&EM's growth drivers, with a focus on BtoB dynamics and BtoC transformation. A segment was also devoted to digital strategy and arti ˱cial intelligence (AI) to enhance ENGIE's operational performance, and to the Group's data center strategy.

MAIN ACTIVITIES IN 2025 [ESRS 2 – GOV-1]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• operational implementation of strategic guidelines;

• ENGIE's 2030 vision for long-term and sustainable growth;

• prepare for and follow-up on the Board's annual strategic seminar.

Group strategic planning and monitoring of its operations

• review of a series of investment and divestment projects requiring a decision by the Board.

Investments and sales of assets

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• approval of the parent company and consolidated ˱nancial statements, the proposed allocation of earnings and the draft press release;

Finance, audit and risks

• dividend policy and guidance;

• approval of the provisional management documents;

• approval of the budget and medium-term business plan;

• renewal of the annual authorizations granted to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer to issue bond loans and to issue guarantees and other securities;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• 2025 risk review, in particular market and cybersecurity risks.

• preparation for the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting and responses to written questions from shareholders;

Governance, appointments and compensation

• Independence of Directors in of ˱ce;

• appointments to the Board of Directors and to the Board committees;

• assessment of the functioning of the Board and individual contributions of Directors;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• employee share ownership policy;

• compensation for corporate of ˱cers;

• Performance Share plans;

• succession plan for the Chairman of the Board of Directors;

• compensation policy and succession plan for senior executives.

ESG • annual health & safety report;

• declaration on modern slavery provided under UK regulations.

EXECUTIVE SESSIONS

Closed meetings of Directors with no executive functions take place regularly before Board meetings. These meetings, known as Executive Sessions, cover a range of topics. The Audit Committee and the ACGC are systematically preceded, or followed, by a meeting reserved for their members, without management present.

[Page 280] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.2.4 Committees

Four standing committees assist the Board of Directors:

• the Audit Committee;

• the Investment and Technology Committee (ITC);

experience, diversity of pro ˱les and availability of each Director (see Section 4.1.1.1 Pro˱les, experience and expertise of Directors in of˱ce and the table “Changes in the membership of the Board of Directors and the committees in 2025” under Section 4.1.1).

• the Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee (ACGC); and

• the Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC).

Each committee is chaired by an Independent Director.

In order to carry out their work, the committees may interview members of Company and Group divisions and/or commission technical studies on matters within their expertise at the Company's expense, provided that they have informed the Chairman of the Board about this, and that they report on it to the Board. If the committees use the services of external consultants, they must ensure that the advice concerned is objective.

These committees are tasked with studying matters and projects related to the Group that the Board or the Chairman has submitted for their opinion. They are also tasked with preparing the Board's work and decisions on such matters and projects. The committees report their conclusions to the Board in the form of reports, proposals, opinions, information or recommendations.

The practice of holding executive sessions, i.e., part of the committee's meeting taking place without the presence of management, is either systematic or occasional, depending on the committee concerned.

The Corporate Secretariat provides secretarial services to the Board committees.

The committees perform their tasks under the responsibility of the Board of Directors. No committee may, on its own initiative, address issues that fall outside the scope of its mission. The committees have no decision-making power.

Non-˱nancial information and ESG matters are examined by the Board members of the Audit Committee, the ITC and the EESDC, whose activities are described below. [ESRS 2 – GOV-1 and GOV-2]

On the Chairman's recommendation, and having heard the opinion of the ACGC, the Board of Directors appoints the members and Chair of each committee, based on the skills,

At December 31, 2025

AUDIT COMMITTEE

APPOINTMENTS, COMPENSATION AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Chair: Marie-José Nadeau

Chair: Ross McInnes

100% Attendance

100% Attendance

2 women 3 men 8 meetings

75% Independent (1)

75% Independent (1)

2 women 3 men 6 meetings +1 joint with the ITC

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Chair: Jean-Pierre Clamadieu

99% Attendance

6 women 8 men 9 meetings

60% Independent (1)

INVESTMENT AND TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE

ETHICS, ENVIRONMENT AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE

Chair: Marie-Claire Daveu

Chair: Jean-Pierre Clamadieu

94% Attendance

100% Attendance

3 women 1 man 4 meetings

66% Independent (1)

60% Independent (1)

2 women 4 men 3 meetings +1 joint with the Audit Committee

(1) Pursuant to the Afep-Medef Code, Directors representing employees and the Director representing employee shareholders are not taken into account when determining the proportion of Independent Directors within the Board and its committees.

[Page 281] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

The Audit Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6 5 75% 100% meetings members (3 men and 2 women) Independent Directors attendance

The Audit Committee has ˱ve members: Ross McInnes (1) (Chairman), Christophe Agogué, Céline Fornaro Michel Giannuzzi (1) , Marie‑José Nadeau (1) .

The Audit Committee met six times in 2025, with an attendance rate of 100%.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Executive Vice-President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement and the Vice-President in charge of Group Audit attended all the meetings of the Audit Committee. The Statutory Auditors attended all the meetings. Pursuant to Article 5.1.1 of the Internal Rules of the Board of Directors, the Chair of the EESDC is invited to every meeting of the Audit Committee that addresses reporting on non- ˱nancial information.

Each meeting of the Committee was followed by an executive session.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on the performance of its tasks. It also reports on the results of the audit assignment, how it contributed to the completeness of the ˱nancial information and the role it played in this process. The Committee also monitors the process of preparing non-˱nancial information. It immediately noti˱es the Board of Directors of any problems encountered.

The period between the examination of the accounts by the Audit Committee and the closing of the accounts by the Board of Directors is at least 48 hours.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the provisions of the Afep-Medef Code, and taking into account their professional and academic backgrounds, the members of the Audit Committee have the necessary knowledge and expertise to be considered as having the ˱nancial and/ or accounting skills as de˱ned by Article L.821-67 of the French Commercial Code ( Code de commerce ). Their combined experience gives them an informed understanding of the ˱nancial issues, accounting mechanisms, and internal control and audit frameworks that fall within the Committee’s remit.

MAIN TASKS AND ACTIVITIES IN 2025

Subject Tasks Activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Financial Statements

• to monitor the process of preparing ˱nancial information and, if necessary, to make recommendations to ensure its integrity;

• to examine in advance and provide an opinion on the draft annual and interim ˱nancial statements;

• the review of the consolidated and parent company ˱nancial statements as at December 31, 2024 (including signi˱cant off-balance sheet commitments), and June 30, 2025, the ˱nancial information for the ˱rst and third quarters of 2025 and the corresponding press releases with the VicePresident of Group Financial Control and the Group Accounting Director;

• to interview, whenever it deems this to be necessary, the Statutory Auditors, Executive Management, the Finance Department, Internal Audit and any other management member;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the annual and interim assumptions and forecasts and the provisional management documents;

• Financial trajectory and guidance;

• to examine important ˱nancial press releases before they are released.

• the medium-term 2026-2028 business plan;

• the operating fees of the Chairman and the Board of Directors;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the draft 2024 Universal Registration Document (apart from sections covered by other committees) and the draft ˱nancial resolutions submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting;

• the dividend policy;

• the de ˱nition of the amount of the guarantees package;

• tax reform projects;

• related-party and current agreements;

• investor relations, including feedback from governance roadshows.

(1) Independent Director.

[Page 282] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

Subject Tasks Activities

• to monitor the process of preparing non- ˱nancial information;

• preparing the end of the Statutory Auditors’ term for the audit of the Sustainability Statement;

Non- ˱nancial Information

• to assess the relevance of the principles and rules used in the preparation of non- ˱nancial Information;

• the review of the certi ˱cation of sustainability disclosures by the Statutory Auditors;

• to provide an opinion on the reporting draft;

• the review of the 2024 Sustainability Statement.

• to interview, when deemed necessary, the Statutory Auditors or any management member on the topic of non- ˱nancial reporting.

• annual risk review;

Risk management

• the review of the market and credit risks;

• the review of the cybersecurity risk.

• to monitor the ef ˱ciency of the Group's risk management systems and procedures, with regard to procedures for preparing and processing accounting and ˱nancial data;

• to regularly obtain updates on the Group's ˱nancial position, cash position and signi˱cant commitments and risks.

Internal control • to monitor the ef ˱ciency of internal control systems and procedures;

• the 2024 annual review of the Group's internal control and targets for 2025;

• to examine, with the internal audit managers, the plans and actions taken in the area of internal audit, the conclusions of these planned measures and actions and the subsequent recommendations and follow-up.

• the review of the quarterly activity reports from the internal audit, the follow-up of audit recommendations and the 2025 and 2026 annual audit plans (in the presence of the Vice-President, Group Audit).

• to select, appoint and re-appoint the Statutory Auditors;

• prior approval of the work entrusted to the Statutory Auditors outside their audit assignment and the follow-up of these tasks;

External control and Statutory Auditors

• to monitor the Statutory Auditors' performance of their assignments;

• the report on the 2024 Statutory Auditors' fees;

• to ensure that the Statutory Auditors comply with the conditions of independence;

• the review of the Statutory Auditors' report on the annual and consolidated ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024;

• the review of the 2025 work program after hearing the Statutory Auditors;

• to monitor the provision by the Statutory Auditors of services other than the auditing of the ˱nancial statements and the application of the rules for the capping of the related fees;

• the preparation of the expiry of the Statutory Auditors' terms.

• to examine, each year, the Statutory Auditors' audit fees and their scheduled work.

[Page 283] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

The Investment and Technology Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

members (4 men and 2 women) Independent Directors attendance

3 6 60% 100% meetings +1 joint meeting with the Audit Committee

The Investment and Technology Committee has six members: Jean-Pierre Clamadieu (1) (Chairman), Patrice Durand, Céline Fornaro, Yoan Kosnar, Ross McInnes (1) and Marie-José Nadeau (1) .

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer attends meetings of the ITC.

The ITC met eight times in 2025 (including one joint meeting with the Audit Committee), with an attendance rate of 100%.

MAIN TASKS AND ACTIVITIES IN 2025

Subject Tasks Activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Strategy review • to provide an opinion on the Company's main strategic aims, particularly with regard to strategy;

• prepare a series of investment and disposal projects;

• set milestones for projects in progress;

• to examine all external and internal growth projects, disposals, strategic agreements, alliances or partnerships, that are submitted to the Board;

• prepare the medium-term business plan in terms of strategy;

• prepare for and follow-up on the Board's annual strategic seminar;

• monitor industry trends and signi ˱cant events;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• updates on news and projects in the US.

• to examine strategic decisions relating to technological developments, as well as questions concerning the construction and upgrading of industrial facilities and annual and multi-year supply, works or services contracts, procurement policy and signi ˱cant real estate projects.

• the Medium-Term Business Plan (MTP)

Joint meetings of the Audit Committee and the ITC

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Independent Director.

[Page 284] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

The Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

8 5 75% 100% meetings members (3 men and 2 women) Independent Directors attendance

The Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee (ACGC) has ˱ve members: Marie-José Nadeau (1) (Chair), Fabrice Brégier (1) , Céline Fornaro, Michel Giannuzzi (1) and Gildas Gouvazé (since April 24, 2025).

The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer attend meetings of the ACGC, unless the meetings address matters that concern them.

Each meeting of the Committee results in an executive session.

The ACGC met eight times in 2025, with an attendance rate of 100%.

MAIN TASKS AND ACTIVITIES IN 2025

Subject Tasks Activities

Appointments and Governance

• monitoring the policy on diversity within the Board, the membership of the Board and its committees, and the independence of Directors;

• to review all nominations for appointment to the Board submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting for approval, as well as for membership of committees and chairmanship of such committees;

• assessment of the functioning of the Board;

• succession plans for senior executives and the Chairman;

• to ensure that executive corporate of ˱cers implement a discrimination and diversity policy within the management bodies;

• monitoring female representation in management;

• to direct, in coordination with the Chairman, the process for the annual assessment of the Board's work;

• changes in proxy and investor voting policies and results of governance roadshows led by the Chairman of the Board of Directors;

• to assess, with the Chairman, the proper operation of governing bodies;

• the Link 2025 employee share ownership plan;

• to plan the succession of the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Of ˱cer;

• to review the mandate of Director representing the employee shareholders;

• the Directors' training program for 2025;

• draft resolutions within its remit submitted to the 2025 Shareholders' Meeting;

• to review the succession plan for the Company's executives and report on Executive Management projects relating to the appointment of members of the Executive Committee;

• the Governance Section of the corporate governance report (Chapter 4 of the draft Universal Registration Document 2024).

• to review all nominations of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer for any corporate of˱ce in a listed company outside the Group.

• compensation for corporate of ˱cers;

• the success rate of Performance Share plans;

• the allocation of Performance Shares to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer for 2025;

Compensation • to make recommendations on the compensation, pension and welfare plans, bene ˱ts in kind and various pecuniary rights awarded to the Chairman and to the Chief Executive Of˱cer, as well as to any members of the Board that hold employment contracts with the Company;

• the Performance Share plan for 2025 and the new Performance Share plan for 2026;

• to make recommendations on the amount and distribution of Directors' compensation;

• information regarding compensation of members of the Executive Committee and the compensation policy for senior executives;

• to examine information regarding the compensation policy for the members of the Executive Committee;

• equity ratios;

• to make recommendations on the Performance Shares granted to the members of the Executive Committee.

• draft resolutions within its remit submitted to the 2025 Shareholders' Meeting;

• the Compensation Section of the corporate governance report (Chapter 4 of the draft Universal Registration Document 2024).

(1) Independent Director.

[Page 285] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

The Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee [ESRS 2 - GOV-2]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4 4 66% 94% meetings members (1 man and 3 women) Independent Directors attendance

The Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee (EESDC) has four members: Marie-Claire Daveu (1) (Chair), Ross McInnes (1) , Lucie Muniesa and Magali Viot.

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer attends meetings of the EESDC.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Committee met four times in 2025, with an average attendance rate of 94%.

MAIN TASKS AND ACTIVITIES IN 2025

Subject Tasks Activities

• the 2024 management report of the Ethics, Compliance & Privacy Department;

Ethics and compliance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• to examine signi ˱cant ethics and compliance issues;

• to ensure that the Group has the right level of commitment with regard to ethics, non- ˱nancial compliance, and environmental, social and societal responsibility;

• to monitor the One ENGIE, One Ethics communication plan;

• to examine the Group's policies, guidelines and charters in these areas;

• the declaration on modern slavery (UK regulations);

• to review the identi ˱ed risks in this area, examine any potential violations, and assess the actions taken;

• to review the Vigilance Plan (Chapter 3 of the draft 2024 Universal Registration Document).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• to review and assess the report on the effective implementation of the Vigilance Plan.

• the Group’s ESG performance;

• the 2024 report on the 2030 ESG targets and the 2025-2027 forecasts;

ESG • to set non- ˱nancial objectives and monitor the integration of various non-˱nancial issues (environmental, social and governance) into the group's strategy;

• taxonomy reporting;

• the CO 2 MTP;

• to review the risks and opportunities related to climate change and assess the CO 2 pathway (CO 2 Medium-Term Business Plan – CO 2 MTP);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• to approve the non- ˱nancial information reporting policy, particularly within the framework of the CSRD;

• the implementation of the CSRD: review of the 2024 Sustainability Statement (Chapter 3 of the draft 2024 Universal Registration Document), analysis of the 2024 benchmark, review of the guidelines for the 2025 Sustainability Statement;

• the proposed Say on Climate resolution;

• to review the ESG criteria in the Chief Executive Of ˱cer's compensation policy.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the 2024 annual health & safety report;

• to examine human resources policies and learn about the monitoring of the corresponding risks;

Employer's social responsibility

• progress on the ENGIE One Safety health & safety plan and the implementation of the No Mind at Risk plan;

• to review health & safety indicators and action plans, and learn about the monitoring of the corresponding risks.

• the 2025 health & safety roadmap;

• the review of each fatal accident;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• conclusions regarding professional and salary equality.

(1) Independent Director.

[Page 286] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.2.5 Assessment of the operations of the Board of Directors

The Board therefore periodically assesses its own operations and that of its committees, with a view to identifying any measures that could be taken to improve its operations, the quality of its deliberations and, in general, its contribution to the organization's long-term performance.

In accordance with the recommendations of the Afep-Medef Code, the Board's Internal Rules (Article 3.3.9) stipulate that “The Board of Directors shall carry out an annual assessment of its membership, organization and operations, under the aegis of the ACGC and with the support of the Chairman of the Board. This assessment shall be carried out at least every three years, with the assistance of an external consultant”.

The table below summarizes the areas for improvement identi ˱ed in the 2024 assessment and sets out the measures implemented in 2025:

Areas for improvement in 2024 Measures implemented in 2025

Introducing topics for discussion, particularly relating to arti ˱cial intelligence and energy storage

Cross-cutting topics were added to the agenda for the Board meetings, including gas supply, the presentation of regulated entities such as NaTran and GRDF, the presentation of the Group's procurement activity, and the presentation of the 10 th anniversary of the ENGIE brand.

An information session focused on ˳exibility and the impact of renewable energy on the balancing of electricity grids, as well as ˳exibility requirements and solutions. At the strategy seminar held in June 2025, Directors participated in a session dedicated to digital strategy and AI, followed by a presentation on the datacenter strategy. They also had the opportunity to visit a Storengy site.

Anticipating succession plans A special committee has been set up to arrange for the succession of the Chairman of the Board. Several ACGC meetings discussed the membership of the Board of Directors and this issue was also presented at a Board meeting.

Engaging external experts to contribute on speci˱c topics, particularly relating to geopolitics

Directors were given presentations at several Board meetings on the impact of the situation in the United States as a result of the reform of the In˳ation Reduction Act and the increase in customs tariffs.

Directors were given an expert presentation on the UK's energy systems, markets and regulations, as well as the country's growth outlook.

Dinners attended by the Executive Committee and the Group’s high-performing employees were held on two occasions in 2025.

Pursuing opportunities to meet with the Executive Committee and key Group managers.

The strategy seminar also provided an opportunity for direct exchanges between the Board and Executive Committee.

The assessment of the operations of the Board and its committees in 2025 is in keeping with the assessments carried out in previous years. It notably made it possible to monitor the areas for improvement identi˱ed in the previous assessment conducted in 2024.

All Directors completed an online questionnaire. Responses were collected by an external ˱rm in order to guarantee anonymity. A summary of the assessment was presented at the ACGC meeting on January 27, 2026, and then at the Board of Directors’ meeting on February 25, 2026.

Mid-November 2025 ACGC meeting of 11/04/2025 and Board meeting of 11/05/2025 Early December 2025 ACGC meeting of 01/27/2026 and Board meeting of 02/25/2026

Deadline to respond to the questionnaire • Board assessment results transmitted to ACGC

Assessment process presented to the ACGC, and ACGC tasked by the Board with conducting it

Questionnaire validated with the Chair of the ACGC and Chairman of the Board, and then made available to Directors online

• ACGC recommendations submitted to the Board for validation and publication in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

This assessment follows an internal assessment in 2024 and a formal assessment, with one-on-one meetings, conducted by an external ˱rm in 2023.

The 2025 assessment covered the following topics:

The results of the assessment were largely positive, particularly in terms of the balance of topics discussed by the Board, the strategic seminar, the conduct of discussions and relations with management. The Directors are also satis ˱ed with their own contribution to the work of the Board of Directors.

• the work of the Board and its committees;

• Board membership;

• meetings, organization and operations;

• relationship with management;

• preparation for the future.

[Page 287] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

The initiatives planned for 2026 are to:

• continue developing in terms of forward-looking strategic topics (geopolitics, research and innovation, AI and digitalization, competition);

• continue work on succession plans (Chairman, CEO and EVP) ;

• streamline ˱le and report handover;

• strengthen the reporting of committee work to the Board, particularly with regard to risks;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• make Executive Sessions (1) systematic at the end of Board meetings to address the more sensitive issues.

• better integrate HR and employee matters into Board discussions, particularly for transformation projects;

4.1.2.6 Attendance by Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees in 2025

Board of Directors Audit Committee ITC ACGC EESDC

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu 100% 100%

Catherine MacGregor 100%

Fabrice Brégier 100% 100%

Marie-Claire Daveu 100% 100%

Michel Giannuzzi 100% 100% 100%

Ross McInnes 100% 100% 100% 100%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Marie-José Nadeau 100% 100% 100% 100%

Céline Fornaro 100% 100% 100% 100%

Patrice Durand 100% 100%

Lucie Muniesa 89% 75%

Christophe Agogué 100% 100%

Yoan Kosnar 100% 100%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Magali Viot 100% 100%

Jacinthe Delage (1) 100% 100%

Gildas Gouvazé (2) 100% 100%

OVERALL ATTENDANCE RATE 99% 100% 100% 100% 94%

(1) Until April 24, 2025. (2) Since April 24, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1.2.7 Discussions with shareholders

The Chairman of the Board holds regular discussions with individual shareholders during various in-person or virtual events and meetings:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chairman also supports ENGIE's initiatives to foster shareholder dialogue, including shareholder meetings held in Toulouse and Bordeaux, and ENGIE’s presence at the Investir Day event, Paris Investor Week and the VFB Happening in Ghent (Belgium), as well as site visits, meetings with experts, and ˱nancial education projects.

• prior to the 2025 Shareholders’ Meeting, the Chairman invited the ENGIE Shareholders' Advisory Committee, the representatives of employee shareholders, as well as the main associations and federations of individual shareholders to a discussion session;

In addition, each year the Chairman speaks with the main institutional investors and voting advisory agencies, particularly in the context of the governance roadshows that take place in February and March.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• during the Shareholders' Meeting, the Chairman opened a Q&A session with shareholders present in the room and those following the event online. For the past three years, a dedicated time for discussions has been allocated to climate strategy topics;

• In 2025, the Chairman talked with shareholders, in particular with the “Women in Investment” group at ENGIE headquarters and the second Investor Summit which was streamed online.

(1) Closed meeting, immediately after the meeting of the Board of Directors, in the absence of executive management.

[Page 288] Corporate governance

Governance organization and operations

4.1.3 Executive Management

• Paulo Almirante , Executive Vice-President in charge of the Renewable & Flex Power GBU;

• Sébastien Arbola, Executive Vice-President in charge of Data, Digital & IT, Strategy and Research & Innovation;

• Jean-Sébastien Blanc , Executive Vice-President in charge of Human Resources and ENGIE HQ;

The Company's Chief Executive Of ˱cer is Catherine MacGregor, who was appointed on January 1, 2021. The Board of Directors renewed her term of of˱ce as Chief Executive Of˱cer at the Shareholders’ Meeting of April 24, 2025 for the duration of her term of of˱ce as Director, i.e., until the close of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the ˱nancial statements for the year ending December 31, 2028.

• Frank Lacroix , Executive Vice-President in charge of the Local Energy Infrastructures GBU;

• Julia Maris , Executive Vice-President in charge of the Corporate Secretariat, including: Governance, Legal & Ethics, Safety, Public Affairs, Communications & Brand, as well as the ENGIE Foundation;

• Edouard Neviaski , Executive Vice-President in charge of the Supply & Energy Management GBU;

The Chief Executive Of˱cer is vested with the broadest powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Company and exercises her functions within the limits of the corporate purpose and subject to the powers expressly vested to Shareholders' Meetings and the Board of Directors bylaws and regulation. Limits imposed by the Board of Directors on the powers of the Chief Executive Of˱cer are set out in the Internal Rules (see Section 4.1.2.2 Duties of the Board of Directors).

• Cécile Prévieu , Executive Vice-President in charge of the Networks GBU;

The implementation of ENGIE's strategy and its operational monitoring is carried out by two executive bodies – the Executive Committee and the Operational Management Committee.

• Pierre-François Riolacci , Executive Vice-President in charge of Finance, ESG and Procurement;

• Thierry Saegeman , Executive Vice-President in charge of Transformation & Geographies, Nuclear and Tractebel.

The Operational Management Committee, known as the OPCOM, is in charge of operational activities, is composed of the Executive Vice Presidents, the Chief Executive Of ˱cers of the entities, the directors of the Global Business Units, the regions and main countries and the managers of the main functional departments.

The Executive Committee, which is in charge of Group management, comprises the Executive Vice Presidents under the management of the Chief Executive Of˱cer. It formulates strategic decisions according to the guidelines de˱ned by the Board of Directors. It develops ENGIE's long-term outlook and ensures that the short-term objectives are achieved. It makes all major decisions, particularly concerning investment within the limits of the powers granted to Executive Management, reviews performance, and monitors the pace of the Group's transformation.

At December 31, 2025, the Executive Committee had the following 10 members:

• Catherine MacGregor , Chief Executive Of ˱cer;

It is chaired by the Chief Executive Of˱cer. The OPCOM implements ENGIE's strategic decisions; it is also in charge of driving the Group's transformation on the ground in the geographic areas [ESRS 2 – GOV-1] .

Equal opportunities policy for women and men in management bodies

The Executive Committee consisted, at December 31, 2025, of 10 members, including three women (30%), and four nationalities. On the recommendation of the Executive Management, the Board of Directors set a target of at least 40% women and at least 40% men on the Executive Committee by 2026.

As of January 1, 2026, the OPCOM has 71 members, including 28 women (39.4%, an increase of more than ˱ve percentage points in one year). It comprises 22 nationalities.

In accordance with Article L.22-10-10 para. 2 of the French Commercial Code, the report on corporate governance includes “information on how the company seeks balanced representation of women and men within the committee set up, where appropriate, by the Executive Management for the purposes of regularly assisting it in carrying out its general functions, and information on the results in terms of diversity in the 10% of positions with higher responsibility. If the company does not apply such a policy, the report shall contain an explanation of the reasons for this”.

The “committee set up, where appropriate, by the Executive Management for the purposes of regularly assisting it in carrying out its general functions” corresponds to the Executive Committee.

For several years, the Group's appointments policy has strengthened gender diversity. The Group seeks to develop mixed talent pools, comprising senior executives and managers with strong potential, thus helping to increase female representation in the two bodies mentioned above, namely the Executive Committee and the OPCOM. Therefore, the ˱nal appointment decision for key positions in the Group is made on the basis of a list of candidates that includes men and women. Most appointments are made from this talent pool, comprising around 595 people, 42.4% of whom are women.

With respect to the 10% of positions with higher responsibility, the scope described by the French Commercial Code is that of the Company, i.e., ENGIE. In terms of the organization of the Group, its integrated structure, and its positioning in around 30 countries for a total of around 91,000 employees, it seems more appropriate to consider the Group as a whole with regard to the spirit of the law. ENGIE considers that the relevant scope to use for the 10% of positions with higher responsibility is that of the OPCOM.

These actions aim to help develop career paths, opening up opportunities for candidates with diverse pro˱les, so as to eventually form governing bodies that fully embody the Group's diversity policy.

[Page 289] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2 COMPENSATION OF CORPORATE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers is determined by the Board of Directors based on the recommendations of the ACGC. It is subject to a presentation and binding votes at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in accordance with Articles L.22-10-8, L.22‑10‑9, and L.22-10-34 of the French Commercial Code.

4.2.1 Compensation of the executive corporate of ˱cers allocated or paid for 2025 (ex-post say on pay )

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a long-term incentive component, subject to performance conditions.

Pursuant to Article 10.6 of the Afep-Medef Code, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, as an Independent Director, does not receive variable compensation linked to the Company's performance.

Compensation of the other executive corporate of ˱cers generally includes:

Stringent performance criteria are set both for the variable component and for long-term incentive plans, maintaining a link between the Group's performance and the compensation of its executives in the short, medium and long term and contributing to the Company's strategy and sustainability.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a ˱xed component, which remains unchanged throughout the term of of˱ce, unless the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the ACGC, decides otherwise;

• a variable component, balanced relative to total compensation, the purpose of which is to re ˳ect the executive's personal contribution to the Group's development and results; and

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.2.1.1 Compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pension plans

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu is not covered by any supplementary pension plan in respect of his duties as Chairman of the Board of Directors.

The 2025 compensation structure of the Chairman of the Board of Directors complies with the compensation policy set out in Section 4.2.3.1 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document and previously approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 24, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Insurance and healthcare bene ˱t plan

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu receives healthcare and social security coverage equivalent to the collective coverage provided for the ENGIE Group's senior executives in France (see Section 4.5).

For his term of of ˱ce as Chairman of the Board, Jean-Pierre Clamadieu received annual ˱xed compensation. He does not receive variable compensation, nor does he receive compensation for his participation in the work of the Board and its committees. He received social security coverage and health care coverage and, in addition, received a bene˱t in kind in the form of a company car.

Compensation for term of of ˱ce as Director

Fixed annual compensation in 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, as a Director, does not receive any Directors' fees for sitting on the Board of Directors.

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board of Directors, received €450,000 in compensation.

Employment contract, severance pay and non‑compete clause

2025 variable compensation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board of Directors, receives no variable compensation in respect of his of ˱ce, in accordance with the compensation policy which stipulates that the compensation of the Chairman of the Board will not include any annual variable compensation.

No employment contract has been concluded between JeanPierre Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the Company or any Group company. No provision is made for compensation or bene ˱ts due or likely to be due as a result of a termination or change of function or for compensation relating to a non-compete clause.

Bene ˱t in kind

Long-term incentive compensation (Performance Shares)

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu has a company car.

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board of Directors, was not awarded any Performance Shares (PS) for 2025, in accordance with the compensation policy, which stipulates that the compensation of the Chairman of the Board will not include any long-term incentive plan.

[Page 290] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.1.2 Compensation of the Chief Executive Of ˱cer

The 2025 compensation structure for the Chief Executive Of˱cer is in accordance with the compensation policy set out in Section 4.2.3.2 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document, approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 24, 2025.

At the close of the Shareholders’ Meeting of April 24, 2025 reappointing Catherine MacGregor as Director, the Board of Directors con ˱rmed her role as Chief Executive Of˱cer. At the time of her reappointment, the Board considered it appropriate to review the conditions of Catherine MacGregor’s compensation, taking into account the signi˱cant improvement in the Group's performance since she took of˱ce, as well as studies conducted into market practices and the positioning of the Chief Executive Of˱cer’s compensation in light of those practices.

It consists of annual ˱xed compensation, annual variable compensation and a long-term incentive plan (in the form of the award of Performance Shares). She receives coverage under social security and pension plans, in addition to a bene˱t in kind in the form of a company car.

The Shareholders’ Meeting approved the proposed changes to the Chief Executive Of˱cer's compensation policy. The details set out below represent a strict application of this policy.

BREAKDOWN OF COMPENSATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

ANNUAL FIXED ANNUAL VARIABLE

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE

(CASH) (CASH)

(PERFORMANCE SHARES)

€1,150,000

FINANCIAL CRITERIA

NON-FINANCIAL CRITERIA

PERFORMANCE SHARES VESTED IN 2028

65%

35%

Success rate: 128.6%

Success rate: 118.6%

15% Strategic objectives objectives Success rate: 140%

16.25% Free cash ﬂow Success rate: 150%

16.25% EBIT Success rate: 106.2%

35% Change in Total Shareholder Return (TSR) over 3 years vs. Eurostoxx Utilities index

35% ROACE

30% CSR criteria at end-2027 (2) : • GHG emissions across the carbon footprint (15%)

16.25% Economic net debt Success rate: 150%

20% ESG criteria: • Improvement in safety performance (7%) Success rate: 100%

• Renewables installed capacity (5%)

16.25% Net recurring income, Group share Success rate: 108.3%

• Proportion of women among Group managers (10%)

• GHG emissions (1) related to energy production and commodity sales (7%) Success rate: 150%

• Proportion of women among managers hired (6%) Success rate: 50%

Amount to be paid for 2025: €1,582,515 Maximum amount: 150% of the target annual variable component

Allocated target amount equivalent to 180% of the annual ﬁxed component in accounting terms. The success rate could reach 120% maximum.

(1) Greenhouse gas. (2) In line with the trajectory established to reach the 2030 target.

[Page 291] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Fixed annual compensation in 2025

The ˱xed annual compensation of Catherine MacGregor, Chief Executive Of˱cer, was set at €1,150,000.

2025 variable compensation [ESRS 2 – GOV-3]

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For the non-˱nancial targets, in line with ENGIE's purpose ( raison d'être ), the proportion of quanti ˱able ESG criteria in the Chief Executive Of˱cer's compensation has been increased from 10.5% to 20% of the total annual variable compensation. The proportion of strategic and operational objectives, which are qualitative objectives, has been reduced from 24.5% to 15%. Non-˱nancial objectives include:

• the Group’s strategic and operational objectives (15%): delivery of the transformation plan, achievement of business objectives and implementation of digital projects;

• quanti ˱able ESG criteria (20%):

• Lost Time Injury Rate (7%),

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To strengthen the link between performance and compensation, the structure of the Chief Executive Of ˱cer's target annual variable compensation for 2025 paid in 2026 was reviewed. The target amount of variable compensation is €1,265,000, corresponding to 110% of her ˱xed compensation for a 100% achievement rate of her objectives; this variable compensation is capped at €1,897,500 or 150% of her ˱xed annual compensation. Her variable compensation breaks down into two components: a ˱nancial component (65%) and a non‑˱nancial component (35%).

• GHG emissions (7%), for which the scope of analysis has been broadened to include commodity sales in addition to energy production; the objectives are in line with the pathway established to achieve the 2030 target,

• 38% women among managers hired (6%).

For the ˱nancial component, the criteria used are net recurring income/(loss) Group share (16.25%), EBIT (16.25%), free cash ˳ow (16.25%) and economic net debt (16.25%). The ˱nancial targets for 2025 were based on the Group's provisional budget as prepared by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At its meeting of February 25, 2026, the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the ACGC, noted the success rates shown in the table below. The payment of variable compensation for 2025 is contingent on the approval of the Shareholders' Meeting that will take place on April 29, 2026.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 292] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Weighting

Payment rate (based on 100%) Board assessment

65% of the annual variable compensation

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE BREAKS DOWN AS FOLLOWS, BASED ON QUANTIFIABLE CRITERIA:

Net recurring income/(loss) Group share 16.25% 108.3% The Board of Directors noted that the objectives had been exceeded:

EBIT 16.25% 106.2%

FCF 16.25% 150%

Economic net debt 16.25% 150%

• Net recurring income stands at €4,896 million, higher than the 2025 target of €4,738 million, the rate of achievement is 108.3%; • EBIT stands at €9,471 million, higher than the 2025 target of €9,240 million, the rate of achievement is 106.2%; • FCF stands at €10,960 million, higher than the 2025 target of €9,690 million, the ceiling of 150% is reached; • Economic net debt stands at €45,175 million, the 2025 target totaled €50,166 million, the ceiling of 150% is reached.

Sub-total 65% 128.6% Ranging from 0% to 150%

35% of the annual variable compensation

NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE BREAKS DOWN AS FOLLOWS, BASED ON QUALITATIVE AND QUANTIFIABLE CRITERIA:

15% 140% The Board of Directors assessed achievement at 140%, considering that the objectives had been exceeded.

In particular, the following elements were considered:

Group strategic and operational objectives (qualitative criteria) • Delivery of the transformation plan

• Achievement of business objectives

• Implementation of digital projects

• the transformation plan continued to be implemented, against a complex geopolitical and economic backdrop; in particular, action plans for operational performance and support functions were strengthened, and a geographic refocusing of LEI activities was initiated; • business objectives were met, with a number of noteworthy achievements such as the integration of Renewable & Flex Power activities, the Group's growth in electricity grids driven by the implementation of its development strategy in this sector (including preparatory work for the UKPN acquisition project in 2026), and the ˱nalization of the agreement concerning nuclear activities in Belgium; • 2025 was marked by successful milestones in digital transformation and the deployment of high-impact AI-based projects. ESG criteria (quanti ˱able criteria) 20% 102.5% These objectives are quantitative.

Of which:

7% 100% As regards the safety performance objective, the Lost Time Injury Rate was 1.7 for a target of 1.7; the rate of achievement is 100%.

• Lost Time Injury Rate (7%)

Protecting the health & safety of the people working for the Group is an absolute priority. To achieve its objectives in this area, the Group has implemented a series of policies and actions described in Section 3.1.3.2.6.

Of which:

7% 150% In terms of climate, the Group emitted 119 Mt CO 2 for a target of 135 Mt CO 2 ; the rate of achievement is 150%.

• GHG emissions (7%), whose scope of analysis includes energy production and commodity sales

ENGIE recognizes the threat posed by climate change as detailed in the 1.5°C report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Controlling greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions is a major challenge for the Group. ENGIE has set quantitative emissions reduction targets in line with the Paris Agreement. In May 2021, the Group committed to achieving the 2045 Net Zero Carbon objective for all its direct and indirect emissions. The detailed climate change mitigation action plan is presented in Section 3.1.2.1.4 for mitigation and Section 3.1.2.1.5 for adaptation.

Of which:

6% 50% As regards diversity, of the managers recruited in 2025, 37% were women, with a target of 38%; the rate of achievement is 50%.

• 38% women among managers hired (6%)

ENGIE is committed to promoting diversity and inclusion in order to create a working environment where everyone is respected and valued, regardless of their uniqueness, skills or background. In particular, ENGIE has set quantitative targets linked to the employment of women; for example, the Group has set itself the goal of achieving a rate of 40% to 60% women in management positions (female managers) by 2030.

Sub-total 35% 118.6% Ranging from 0% to 150%

TOTAL VARIABLE PORTION FOR 2025 100% 125.1%

TOTAL TO BE PAID (IN EUROS) 100% €1,582,515 I.E., THE EQUIVALENT OF 137.6% OF THE REFERENCE FIXED COMPENSATION OF €1,150,000

[Page 293] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Compensation for term of of ˱ce as Director

Long-term incentive compensation (Performance Shares)

Catherine MacGregor, as a Director, does not receive any Directors' fees for sitting on the Board of Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Employment contract, severance pay and non‑compete clause

The ACGC, following the recommendations of the Afep-Medef Code, which seek to promote the long-term engagement of executives, recommended to the Board of Directors that the executive corporate of ˱cers' compensation include a long-term incentive component, provided that this is reasonable and subject to strict performance conditions, and is comparable to that of other bene˱ciaries.

No employment contract has been concluded between Catherine MacGregor, Chief Executive Of ˱cer, and the Company or a Group company.

The Board of Directors decided on February 14, 2021, that this component may not, when initially awarded, represent more than 50% of the Chief Executive Of˱cer's overall compensation (˱xed and variable compensation and Performance Shares).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In the event of departure from the Group, the Chief Executive Of˱cer will be bound by a non-compete commitment for a period of one year from the end of her term of of˱ce and will receive one year's compensation payable in 12 monthly installments. The Board of Directors may waive the application of this clause at the time of the Chief Executive Of˱cer's departure.

The allocation as of 2022 of Performance Shares (PS) to the Chief Executive Of˱cer in substitution for the Performance Units (PU) from which she previously bene˱ted, helped complete the alignment of the Chief Executive Of˱cer's longterm incentive with that of members of the Executive Committee, senior executives and other employees who receive Performance Shares.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2025 award

In the event of forced departure not resulting from serious misconduct on the part of the Chief Executive Of˱cer, and regardless of the form of such departure, the Chief Executive Of˱cer shall receive an indemnity of two years' compensation, which shall be payable only if the performance conditions attached to the annual variable component of the compensation for the two years preceding the year of departure have been met by at least 90% on average.

With regard to Performance Shares that are not yet vested, in the event of termination of the corporate of˱ce:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• due to resignation, disability, or death, the unvested rights will be maintained;

On the recommendation of the ACGC, the Board of Directors decided on February 26, 2025, in accordance with the delegation granted by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on April 30, 2024, in its 28 th resolution, to grant Performance Shares to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer, the target amount of which corresponds to 180% of her ˱xed annual compensation in accounting terms (in application of IFRS 2), representing 192,567 Performance Shares. The number of shares that will vest at the end of the plan may represent up to 120% in the event of outperformance, i.e., a maximum of 231,080 Performance Shares.

Pension plans

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• for any other reason for departure, the principle will be the loss of all unvested rights, unless decided otherwise by the Board of Directors. This possibility is in accordance with Article 26.3.3 of the Afep-Medef code, which states “when awarding them, the Board may include a provision authorizing it to rule on the maintenance or otherwise of long-term compensation plans not yet acquired, options not yet exercised or shares not yet vested at the time of departure of the bene ˱ciary”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Catherine MacGregor, the Chief Executive Of ˱cer, continues to bene˱t from a supplementary pension plan, under which the Company does not guarantee the amount of the pension but pays an annual employer contribution, half of which comprises contributions paid to a third-party organization under an optional de˱ned contribution pension plan (Article 82 of the French Tax Code) and half of which is a cash sum, given the immediate taxation on commencement of this mechanism. The employer contribution corresponds to 25% of the sum of the ˱xed compensation and the actual variable compensation accrued for the given year. It will also depend on the Company's performance, since the calculation base includes the variable portion linked to the Group's results.

All provisions of the Afep-Medef Code are applicable to the non-compete commitment and severance payments, in particular with regard to those two payments combined, which may not exceed two years of compensation. “Year of compensation” within the meaning of the non-compete commitment and severance payments referred to above means the last annual ˱xed compensation plus the annual variable compensation paid calculated on the basis of the average annual variable compensation paid for the two years preceding the year of departure.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chief Executive Of˱cer also bene˱ts from the mandatory pension plan (Article 83 of the French Tax Code) applicable to all Group senior executives. The contribution for 2025 is €30,144.

Pursuant to Article 25.4 of the Afep-Medef Code, the payment of the non-compete indemnity will not apply if the Chief Executive Of˱cer asserts her rights at retirement or over the age of 65.

Insurance and healthcare bene ˱t plan

Bene ˱t in kind

Catherine MacGregor has a company car.

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer receives social security and healthcare coverage equivalent to the collective coverage provided for the ENGIE Group's senior executives in France.

[Page 294] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.1.3 Summary of the compensation of the executive corporate of ˱cers for 2025

SUMMARY TABLE OF THE COMPENSATION OF THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

2025 2024

Amounts granted for 2024 Amount paid in 2024

In euros

Amounts granted for 2025 Amount paid in 2025

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu Chairman

Fixed compensation 450,000 450,000 450,000 450,000

Variable compensation 0 0 0 0

Employer contribution to retirement plan 0 0 0 0

Exceptional compensation 0 0 0 0

Directors' fees 0 0 0 0

Bene ˱ts in kind 1,996 1,996 3,487 3,487

TOTAL 451,996 451,996 453,487 453,487

2025 2024

Amount granted for 2024 Amount paid in 2024

In euros

Amount granted for 2025 Amount paid in 2025

Catherine MacGregor Chief Executive Of ˶cer

Fixed compensation 1,150,000 1,150,000 1,000,000 1,000,000

Variable compensation 1,582,515 1,312,000 1,312,000 1,305,000

Employer contribution to retirement plan 683,129 578,000 578,000 576,250

Exceptional compensation 0 0 0 0

Multi-annual variable compensation in the form of Performance Units granted in 2021 (1) 0 0 0 1,775,364

Directors' fees 0 0 0 0

Bene ˱ts in kind 6,192 6,192 6,192 6,192

TOTAL 3,421,836 3,046,192 2,896,192 4,662,806

(1) See the summary of the multi-year variable compensation (other than Performance Shares) of each executive corporate of ˶cer in the 2024 Universal Registration Document for details of Performance Units granted to Catherine MacGregor in 2021 and vested and exercised in 2024.

[Page 295] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

SUMMARY TABLE OF THE COMPENSATION, OPTIONS AND SHARES AWARDED TO THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

In euros 2025 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu Chairman

Compensation granted for the year (detailed in the preceding table) 451,996 453,487

Valuation of options granted for the year 0 0

Valuation of Performance Shares granted for the year 0 0

Valuation of Performance Units granted for the year 0 0

TOTAL 451,996 453,487

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In euros 2025 2024

Catherine MacGregor Chief Executive Of ˶cer

Compensation granted for the year (detailed in the preceding table) 3,421,836 2,896,192

Valuation of options granted for the year 0 0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Valuation of Performance Shares granted for the year 2,070,000 (1) 1,364,400

Valuation of Performance Units granted for the year 0 0

TOTAL 5,491,836 4,260,592

(1) In line with the 2025 compensation policy, the target allocation for the Chief Executive Of ˶cer is 180% of her basic salary in accounting terms (in application of IFRS 2). The Performance Shares granted for 2025 were valued at €10.75 per share pursuant to IFRS 2.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

SUMMARY OF THE MULTI-ANNUAL VARIABLE COMPENSATION (OTHER THAN PERFORMANCE SHARES) OF EACH EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER

2022 2023 to 2025

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu Chairman None None

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Multi-annual variable compensation

2022 2023 to 2025

Catherine MacGregor Chief Executive Of ˶cer None None

Multi-annual variable compensation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Summary table of employment contracts, special retirement plans, severance pay and non-compete clause

TABLE 11 – AMF POSITION-RECOMMENDATION – DOC-2021-02 (APPENDIX 2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Employment contract Supplementary pension plan

Compensation or bene ˱ts due or likely to be due on termination or change of function

Compensation due under a noncompete clause

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu Chairman No No No No

Catherine MacGregor Chief Executive Of ˶cer No Yes (See Section 4.2.1.2) Yes (See Section 4.2.1.2) Yes (See Section 4.2.1.2)

[Page 296] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.1.4 Compensation components and bene ˱ts in kind paid in 2025 or awarded for the same year to the Chairman and the Chief Executive Of˱cer of the Company, subject to shareholder approval ( ex-post )

The variable or exceptional compensation components awarded for 2025 can only be paid after approval by the Shareholders' Meeting.

In accordance with Article L.22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code, the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2026, will vote on the ˱xed, variable and exceptional components of the total compensation and bene˱ts of any kind paid in 2025, or awarded for 2025, to Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board, and Catherine MacGregor, Chief Executive Of˱cer.

4.2.1.4.1 Compensation components and bene ˱ts of any kind paid in 2025 or awarded for the same year to Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board

Compensation components Amounts paid in 2025 Amounts granted for 2025 Details

Fixed compensation €450,000 €450,000 Jean-Pierre Clamadieu's ˱xed annual compensation amounts to €450,000.

Annual variable compensation None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu receives no annual variable compensation.

Multi-annual variable compensation None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu receives no multi-annual variable compensation.

Directors' fees None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu receives no Directors' fees.

Exceptional compensation None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu receives no exceptional compensation.

None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu is not allocated stock options, Performance Shares or any other long-term compensation.

Allocation of stock options, Performance Shares and any other long-term compensation

None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu receives no compensation associated with the commencement or termination of duties.

Compensation associated with the commencement or termination of duties

Supplementary pension plan None None Jean-Pierre Clamadieu is not a bene˱ciary of any supplementary pension plan.

Bene˱ts of any kind €1,996 €1,996 Jean-Pierre Clamadieu has a company car.

[Page 297] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.1.4.2 Compensation components and bene ˱ts of any kind paid in 2025 or awarded for the same year to Catherine MacGregor, Chief Executive Of˱cer

Compensation components Amounts paid in 2025 Amounts granted for 2025 Details

Fixed compensation €1,150,000 €1,150,000 Catherine MacGregor's ˱xed compensation was set at €1,150,000.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Annual variable compensation €1,312,000 €1,582,515 The target annual variable compensation to be paid in 2026 for 2025 amounts to 110% of the ˱xed compensation (€1,265,000) for a 100% target achievement rate, with a maximum of 150% of the ˱xed compensation (€1,897,500) in the event that targets are exceeded.

It breaks down into two components: a ˱nancial component (65%) and a non-˱nancial component (35%).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For the ˱nancial component , the criteria used are net recurring income/(loss) Group share (16.25%), EBIT (16.25%), free cash ˳ow (16.25%) and economic net debt (16.25%). The ˱nancial targets for 2025 were based on the Group's provisional budget as prepared by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2025.

The non- ˱nancial component concerns:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Group's strategic and operational objectives (15%): delivery of the transformation plan, achievement of business objectives and implementation of digital projects;

• quanti ˱able ESG criteria (20%):

• Lost Time Injury Rate (7%);

• GHG emissions related to energy production and commodity sales (7%);

• 38% women among managers hired (6%).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At its meeting of February 25, 2026, the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the ACGC:

• noted that the success rate of the ˱nancial criteria was 128.6% (broken down as follows: Net recurring income/(loss) Group share: 108.3%; EBIT: 106.2%; Free cash ˳ow: 150%; Economic net debt: 150%);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• set the success rate of non- ˱nancial criteria at 118.6% (broken down as follows: Group strategic and operational objectives: 140%; improved safety performance: 100%; GHG emissions related to energy production and commodity sales: 150%; 38% women among managers hired: 50%).

Based on the respective weightings of the ˱nancial and non- ˱nancial criteria, the overall success rate was determined to be 125.1%, or €1,582,515. This variable compensation for 2025 will only be paid to Catherine MacGregor if approved by the shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2026.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

None None Catherine MacGregor did not receive any multi-annual variable compensation for 2025.

Multi-annual variable compensation

Directors' fees None None Catherine MacGregor did not receive any compensation for her term of of˱ce as a Director.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Exceptional compensation None None Catherine MacGregor did not receive any exceptional compensation.

None Valuation:

€2,070,000

Catherine MacGregor was awarded 192,567 Performance Shares, at a target of up to 120% in the event of outperformance, in respect of 2025, i.e., a maximum of 231,080 Performance Shares (see note on this theoretical valuation in Section 4.2.1.2), or 0.009% of the share capital at February 26, 2025.

Allocation of stock options, Performance Shares and any other long-term compensation

[Page 298] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Compensation components Amounts paid in 2025 Amounts granted for 2025 Details

Compensation associated with the commencement or termination of duties

None None In the event of departure from the Group, the former Chief Executive Of ˱cer will be bound by a non-compete commitment for a period of one year from the end of her term of of˱ce and will receive one year's compensation payable in 12 monthly installments. The Board of Directors may waive the application of this clause at the time of the Chief Executive Of˱cer's departure.

In the event of forced departure not resulting from serious misconduct on the part of the Chief Executive Of˱cer, and regardless of the form of such departure, the Chief Executive Of˱cer shall receive an indemnity of two years' compensation, which shall be payable only if the performance conditions attached to the annual variable component of the compensation for the two years preceding the year of departure have been met by at least 90% on average.

With regard to Performance Shares that are not yet vested, in the event of termination of the corporate of˱ce:

• due to resignation, disability, or death, the unvested rights will be maintained;

• for any other reason for departure, the principle will be the loss of all unvested rights, unless decided otherwise by the Board of Directors. This possibility is in accordance with Article 26.3.3 of the Afep-Medef code, which states “when awarding them, the Board may include a provision authorizing it to rule on the maintenance or otherwise of long-term compensation plans not yet acquired, options not yet exercise or shares not yet vested at the time of departure of the bene ˱ciary”.

In addition, all provisions of the Afep-Medef Code are applicable to the non-compete commitment and severance payments, in particular with regard to those two payments combined, which may not exceed two years of compensation. “Year of compensation” within the meaning of the non-compete commitment and severance payments referred to above means the last annual ˱xed compensation plus the annual variable compensation paid calculated on the basis of the average annual variable compensation paid for the two years preceding the year of departure.

Supplementary pension plans €578,000 €683,129 The Chief Executive Of˱cer continues to bene˱t from a supplementary pension plan, under which the Company does not guarantee the amount of the pension but pays an annual employer contribution, half of which comprises contributions paid to a thirdparty organization under an optional de˱ned contribution pension plan (Article 82 of the French Tax Code) and half of which is a cash sum, given the immediate taxation on commencement of this mechanism. The employer contribution corresponds to 25% of the sum of the ˱xed compensation and the actual variable compensation accrued for the year. It will also depend on the Company's performance, since the calculation base includes the variable portion linked to the Group's results. The employer contribution for 2025 amounts to €683,129 and will be paid in 2026 subject to a favorable vote from the shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting on April 29, 2026.

Bene˱ts of any kind €6,192 €6,192 Catherine MacGregor bene˱ted from the use of a company car.

[Page 299] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

DETAILS OF THE ACHIEVEMENT RATES FOR PERFORMANCE SHARES ALLOCATED FOR 2022

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For 2022, Catherine MacGregor was granted 120,000 Performance Shares (PS), vesting on March 15, 2025, subject to her continued service on March 14, 2025 and the ful ˱llment of quanti˱able ˱nancial and non-˱nancial performance conditions, identical to the conditions set for all other bene˱ciaries within the Group (see Section 4.2.6 for

more detail). At its meeting on February 26, 2025, the Board of Directors noted that the success rate for the performance conditions attached to these PS was 90%, i.e., an acquisition of 108,000 PS for the Chief Executive Of˱cer. The vested shares are subject to a one-year lock-up period, i.e., up to and including March 14, 2026.

Weighting Success rate Board assessment

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE BREAKS DOWN AS FOLLOWS, BASED ON QUANTIFIABLE CRITERIA: 80% OF LONG-TERM VARIABLE COMPENSATION

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Growth in net recurring income, Group share, over two years compared with a benchmark panel (1) 25% 0% As growth was 8%, below the 31% threshold set, the success rate was 0%.

Changes in Total Shareholder Return (TSR) (2) over three years compared with the same panel (1) 25% 120%

The ENGIE share outperformed (TSR) the panel by 39.53 points; the performance achieved for the indicator exceeded the maximum of 20 points, giving a success rate of 120%.

Return on capital employed (ROCE, renamed ROACE) 30% 120% As ROACE was 11%, above the maximum set at 9.6%, the success rate was 120%.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Sub-total 80% 66% Ranging from 0% to 96%

NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (3) BREAKS DOWN AS FOLLOWS BASED ON QUANTIFIABLE CRITERIA: 20% OF LONG-TERM VARIABLE COMPENSATION

Reduction of GHG emissions from energy production 10% 120% GHG emissions fell by 16.9 Mt CO 2 eq; the maximum reduction was set at 4.6 Mt CO 2 eq, giving a success rate of 120%.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Increase in renewable capacity 5% 120% Renewable capacity increased by 8.6 points, above the maximum set at 8.4 points, giving a success rate of 120%.

Increase in the proportion of women in management 5% 120% The increase was 3.1 points, identical to the maximum set at 3.1 points, giving a success rate of 120%.

Sub-total 20% 24% Ranging from 0% to 24%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL LONG-TERM VARIABLE PORTION VESTED IN 2025 100% 90%

NUMBER OF SHARES VESTED N/A 108,000

(1) The benchmark panel comprised EDP, ENEL, Iberdrola, Naturgy, SNAM and RWE. (2) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9. (3) The target objectives were those set out at the end of 2024 in the trajectory established to achieve the target objectives by 2030.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 300] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

DETAILS OF THE ACHIEVEMENT RATES FOR PERFORMANCE SHARES ALLOCATED FOR 2023

For 2023, Catherine MacGregor was granted 120,000 Performance Shares (PS), vesting on March 15, 2026, subject to her continued service on March 14, 2026 and the ful ˱llment of quanti˱able ˱nancial and non-˱nancial performance conditions, identical to the conditions set for all other bene˱ciaries within the Group (see Section 4.2.6 for more

detail). At its meeting on February 25, 2026, the Board of Directors noted that the success rate for the performance conditions attached to these PS was 87%, i.e., an acquisition of 104,400 PS for the Chief Executive Of˱cer. The vested shares are subject to a one-year lock-up period, i.e., up to and including March 14, 2027.

Weighting Success rate Board assessment

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE BREAKS DOWN AS FOLLOWS, BASED ON QUANTIFIABLE CRITERIA: 80% OF LONG-TERM VARIABLE COMPENSATION

Growth in net recurring income, Group share, over two years compared with a benchmark panel (1) 25% 0% As growth fell by 19.9%, below the 2.8% threshold set, the success rate was 0%.

Changes in Total Shareholder Return (TSR) over three years compared with the same panel (2) 25% 120%

The ENGIE share outperformed (TSR) the panel by 49.92 points; the performance achieved for the indicator exceeded the maximum of 20 points, giving a success rate of 120%.

Return on capital employed (ROCE, renamed ROACE) 30% 112.9% As ROACE was 9.6%, above the target set at 8.5%, the success rate was 112.9%.

Sub-total 80% 63.9% Ranging from 0% to 96%

NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (3) BREAKS DOWN AS FOLLOWS BASED ON QUANTIFIABLE CRITERIA: 20% OF LONG-TERM VARIABLE COMPENSATION

Reduction of GHG emissions from energy production 10% 120% GHG emissions fell by 14.6 Mt CO 2 eq; the maximum reduction was set at 8.7 Mt CO 2 eq, giving a success rate of 120%.

Increase in installed renewable and battery capacity (4) 5% 120% Renewable capacity increased by 14.4 points, equal to the maximum set, giving a success rate of 120%.

Increase in the proportion of women in management 5% 102% The increase was 3.2 points, above the target increase of 3.1 points, giving a success rate of 102%.

Sub-total 20% 23.1% Ranging from 0% to 24%

TOTAL LONG-TERM VARIABLE PORTION VESTED IN 2026 100% 87%

NUMBER OF SHARES VESTED N/A 104,400

(1) The benchmark panel comprised EDP, ENEL, Iberdrola, Naturgy, SNAM and RWE. (2) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, see Section 7.9. (3) The target objectives were those set out at the end of 2025 in the trajectory established to achieve the target objectives by 2030. (4) The name of this indicator and calculation of its success rate incorporate the results of strategic decisions made during the plan's vesting period, namely the Group's acceleration in battery storage to support the development of renewable energies.

4.2.1.5 Tables comparing the compensation of the executive corporate of ˱cers with that of employees – Annual changes in performance and compensation

The equity ratios were calculated taking into account the guidelines published by the Afep in February 2021. Calculations are made by function: Chairman and Chief Executive Of ˱cer.

The denominator is therefore the average compensation in France of employees (˱xed compensation + variable components) on permanent and ˱xed-term contracts counted on a full-time equivalent basis, excluding work-study students. Note that there has been a signi˱cant change in scope from 2022 onwards, as EQUANS is no longer included in the data presented.

Calculation of the numerator: the compensation considered for each corporate of˱cer includes the ˱xed compensation paid in year Y, the variable compensation paid in Y for Y-1, various bonuses and bene˱ts in kind, excluding severance payments, and Performance Shares and Performance Units granted in Y at IFRS valuation, excluding items relating to company pensions.

The average compensation has been calculated from the aggregated data of the Group Social Reporting; as the Group is made up of several companies with different pay systems, the median compensation cannot be calculated in the absence of a single database listing individual compensation data.

Calculation of the denominator: the parent company ENGIE SA is neither representative of the Group's workforce nor of its activity.

[Page 301] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

For the Group, the relevant equity ratio is the one that compares the total compensation of the Chairman and that of the Chief Executive Of ˱cer with the average compensation of all employees in France.

Compensation multiples for the of ˱ce of Chairman

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TABLE OF RATIOS RELATING TO I.6 AND 7 OF ARTICLE L.22-10-9 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE (1)

In euros 2021 2022 (2) 2023 2024 2025

Compensation for the Of ˱ce of Chairman : 450,000 451,826 453,652 453,487 451,996

Change from the previous year 0% 0.4% 0.4% 0.0% -0.3%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

INFORMATION ON THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION OF THE LISTED COMPANY – NOT REPRESENTATIVE IN TERMS OF ACTIVITY AND THE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

Average employee compensation 77,142 80,849 89,842 88,414 90,049

Change from the previous year 0% 5% 11% -2% 2%

Median employee compensation 66,967 67,673 68,068 67,235 70,439

Ratio to average employee compensation - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Change from the previous year - - - -

Ratio to median employee compensation - - - -

Change from the previous year - - - -

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE EXPANDED SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (FRANCE) (2)

Average employee compensation 48,278 56,997 61,009 61,182 64,708

Change from the previous year 3% 18% 7% 0% 6%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Median employee compensation

Ratio to average employee compensation 9.3 7.9 7.4 7.4 7.0

Change from the previous year -3% -15% -6% 0% -6%

Ratio to median employee compensation

Change from the previous year - -

COMPANY PERFORMANCE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT excluding Nuclear 5,175 8,019 9,479 8,893 8,757

Change from the previous year (gross) 12.4% 55.0% 18.2% -6.2% -1.5%

Change from the previous year (organic) N/A N/A 18.3% -5.6% 2.2%

ROACE (3) 8.90% 12.60% 11.60% 11.00% 9.60%

Change from the previous year 63% 42% -8% -5% -13%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NRIgs (in billions of euros) 3.20 5.22 5.37 5.53 4.90

Change from the previous year 85% 65% 3% 3% -11%

(1) In reference to the Afep guidelines updated in February 2021. (2) The 2022 data on the Company's compensation and performance do not include EQUANS. (3) Formerly “ROCE”: indicator renamed “ROACE” without changing the calculation methodology.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 302] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Compensation multiples for the of ˱ce of Chief Executive Of˱cer

TABLE OF RATIOS RELATING TO I.6 AND 7 OF ARTICLE L.22-10-9 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE (1)

Full-year Y-1 2021 2022 (2) 2023 2024 2025

Compensation for the Of ˱ce of Chief Executive Of˱cer: Catherine MacGregor was appointed on January 1, 2021. 2,608,350 3,169,992 3,331,392 3,675,592 4,538,192

Change from the previous year 103% 22% 5% 10% 23%

INFORMATION ON THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION OF THE LISTED COMPANY – NOT REPRESENTATIVE IN TERMS OF ACTIVITY AND THE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

Average employee compensation 77,142 80,849 89,842 88,414 90,049

Change from the previous year 0% 5% 11% -2% 2%

Median employee compensation 66,967 67,673 68,068 67,235 70,439

Ratio to average employee compensation - - - -

Change from the previous year - - - -

Ratio to median employee compensation - - - -

Change from the previous year - - - -

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE EXPANDED SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION (FRANCE)

Average employee compensation 48,278 56,997 61,009 61,182 64,708

Change from the previous year 3% 18% 7% 0% 6%

Median employee compensation

Ratio to average employee compensation 54.0 55.6 54.6 60.1 70.1

Change from the previous year 97% 3% -2% 10% 17%

Ratio to median employee compensation

Change from the previous year - - - -

COMPANY PERFORMANCE

EBIT excluding Nuclear 5,175 8,019 9,479 8,893 8,757

Change from the previous year (gross) 12.4% 55.0% 18.2% -6.2% -1.5%

Change from the previous year (organic) N/A N/A 18.3% -5.6% 2.2%

ROACE (3) 8.90% 12.60% 11.60% 11.00% 9.60%

Change from the previous year 63% 42% -8% -5% -13%

NRIgs (in billions of euros) 3.20 5.22 5.37 5.53 4.90

Change from the previous year 85% 65% 3% 3% -11%

(1) In reference to the Afep guidelines updated in February 2021. (2) The 2022 data on the Company's compensation and performance do not include EQUANS. (3) Formerly “ROCE”: indicator renamed “ROACE” without changing the calculation methodology.

Note: in accordance with the Afep guidelines updated in February 2021, multi-annual variable compensation, such as Performance Units, is valued and accounted for in the equity ratio calculation in the year of grant (IFRS valuation).

[Page 303] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.2 Directors' compensation for 2025

It should also be noted that the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Of ˱cer do not receive compensation for their term of of˱ce as Director.

The compensation for Directors below will be submitted for shareholder approval at the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2026, in accordance with Article L.22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As a reminder, on the recommendation of the Board of Directors, the Shareholders' Meeting sets the total annual amount of Directors' compensation to be distributed by the Board among its members, i.e., €1.6 million approved by the Shareholders' Meeting in April 2024.

The allocation rules applied have been approved by the April 26, 2023 Shareholders' Meeting, and are presented below.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Director Fixed portion €16,500 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €60,500 (1) , if 100% attendance

Chairman Fixed portion €16,500 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €48,400 (1) , if 100% attendance

Audit Committee

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Committee member Fixed portion €5,500 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €24,200 (1) , if 100% attendance

Chairman Fixed portion €11,000 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €30,520 (1) , if 100% attendance

ITC

Committee member Fixed portion €5,500 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €18,150 (1) , if 100% attendance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Chairman Fixed portion €11,000 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €24,200 (1) , if 100% attendance

EESDC

Committee member Fixed portion €5,500 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €18,150 (1) , if 100% attendance

Chairman Fixed portion €11,000 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €24,200 (1) , if 100% attendance

ACGC

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Committee member Fixed portion €5,500 per year

Variable portion, dependent on attendance €18,150 (1) , if 100% attendance

(1) Variable portion increased by 25% for European non-residents and 50% for non-European non-residents, in the event of physical attendance at meetings.

4.2.2.1 Compensation of Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The non-executive corporate of ˱cers were awarded the compensation shown in the table below for 2025. Unless otherwise indicated, no other compensation was awarded to them by the Company or by its subsidiaries for that year.

In euros 2025 (1) 2024 (1)

Fabrice Brégier 100,650 100,650 (2)

Marie-Claire Daveu 112,200 112,200 (2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Patrice Durand (3) 85,553 85,553 (2)(4)

Michel Giannuzzi 130,650 95,036 (2)

Ross McInnes 189,200 189,200 (2)

Lucie Muniesa (3) 75,982 75,982 (2)(4)

Marie-José Nadeau 211,934 203,867 (5)

Lord Peter Ricketts of Shortlands (6) - 32,553 (5)

TOTAL 906,169 895,041

(1) Directors' compensation due for a given year is paid during the same year. (2) Before deduction of withholding tax relating to tax and social contributions. (3) Director appointed from the private sector by the Shareholders' Meeting on the proposal of the French State. (4) Appointment proposed by the French State, as such, these Directors only receive 85% of the compensation. The remaining 15% is paid to the French State. (5) Before deduction of withholding tax levied on Directors' fees paid to Directors residing outside France. (6) End of term of of ˶ce at the April 30, 2024 Shareholders' Meeting – compensated pro rata.

[Page 304] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.2.2 Compensation of the Director representing the French State and the Directors appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on proposal of the French State

The Director representing the French State, in her role as civil servant, Céline Fornaro, did not personally receive any compensation from the Company or from any of its subsidiaries for her term of of ˱ce in 2024, in accordance with Article 5 of Order No. 2014-948 of August 20, 2014, concerning the governance and equity transactions of companies with a public shareholder. The compensation for her term of of˱ce amounted to €154,000 and was paid directly into the French State's budget.

The Directors from the private sector appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting on the proposal of the French State, namely Patrice Durand and Lucie Muniesa, received 85% of the compensation corresponding to their of˱ce, pursuant to the ministerial order of December 28, 2014, as amended by the ministerial order of January 5, 2018, taken in application of Article 6 of Order No. 2014-948 of August 20, 2014 concerning governance and equity operations of companies with a public shareholder (see the table above). The remaining 15% of their compensation amounted to a total of €28,507 and was paid into the French State's budget.

In respect of the foregoing, the Directors' compensation corresponding to these of˱ces, i.e. a total amount of €182,507, was paid directly to the Public Treasury in compliance with regulations.

4.2.2.3 Compensation of Directors representing employees and employee shareholders

These Directors are Christophe Agogué, Jacinthe Delage, Gildas Gouvazé, Yoan Kosnar and Magali Viot.

Directors representing employees and employee shareholders on the Board of Directors received no compensation (Directors' fees) from the Company or from its subsidiaries in consideration of their service as Directors.

4.2.3 2026 compensation policy for the executive corporate of ˱cers ( ex‑ante say on pay)

Pursuant to Article 10.6 of the Afep-Medef Code, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, as an Independent Director, does not receive variable compensation linked to the Company's performance. Compensation of the other executive corporate of˱cers generally includes:

To determine the compensation and bene ˱ts granted to executive corporate of˱cers, the Board of Directors refers, in particular, to the recommendations of the Afep-Medef Code. The Board of Directors ensures that the compensation policy respects the principles of comprehensiveness, balance, comparability, consistency, transparency and measurement, and takes into account market practices.

• a ˱xed component, which remains unchanged throughout the term of of˱ce, unless the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the ACGC, decides otherwise;

• a variable component, balanced relative to total compensation, the purpose of which is to re ˳ect the executive's personal contribution to the Group's development and results; and

The compensation policy for executive corporate of˱cers is determined by the Board of Directors based on the recommendations of the ACGC. It will be subject to a presentation and vote at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2026, in accordance with Article L.22-10-8 of the French Commercial Code.

• a long-term incentive component, subject to performance conditions.

The compensation policy is reviewed annually by the ACGC and is based in particular on speci˱c studies.

Pursuant to Article 5.3.1 of the Board's Internal Rules, executive corporate of˱cers do not take part in meetings of the ACGC on matters relating to them.

Stringent performance criteria are set both for the variable component and for long-term incentive plans, maintaining a link between the Group's performance and the compensation of its executives in the short, medium and long term and contributing to the Company's strategy and long-term viability.

In accordance with current policy, the executive corporate of ˱cers do not receive compensation for their participation in the work of the Board and its committees.

In its recommendations to the Board of Directors, the ACGC seeks to recommend a compensation policy that is in line with the Company's interests and the practices of comparable major international groups for similar positions, based on a benchmark established by an external ˱rm that includes CAC 40 and Eurostoxx 50 companies.

If the approval rate for the compensation policy is less than 80% at the last Shareholders' Meeting, the ACGC looks at the reasons behind the vote of the shareholders that opposed the approval of this policy and any appropriate response to their vote. As a reminder, the Shareholders' Meeting of April 24, 2025 approved the compensation policy of the Chairman of the Board of Directors at 99.62% and of the Chief Executive Of˱cer at 93.44%.

[Page 305] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.3.1 2026 compensation policy for the Chairman of the Board of Directors

The compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors for 2026 remains unchanged from 2025.

Fixed annual compensation

Insurance and healthcare bene ˱t plan

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For 2026, the ˱xed compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors remains unchanged at €450,000.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors will receive social security and healthcare coverage equivalent to the collective coverage provided for the ENGIE Group's senior executives in France.

Variable compensation

Compensation for term of of ˱ce as Director

The compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors does not include any variable compensation in respect of his of ˱ce.

The Chairman of the Board, as a Director, will not receive any directors' fees for sitting on the Board of Directors.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Long-term incentive compensation (Performance Shares)

Employment contract, severance pay and non‑compete clause

The compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors does not include any annual or multi-year variable compensation or long-term incentive plans.

Pension plans

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chairman of the Board of Directors will not be covered by any supplementary pension plan in respect of his duties.

No employment contract has been concluded between the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Company or any Group company. No provision is made for compensation or bene ˱ts due or likely to be due as a result of a termination or change of function or for compensation relating to a non‑compete clause.

Bene ˱t in kind

The Chairman of the Board will bene ˱t from a company car.

4.2.3.2 Compensation of the Chief Executive Of ˱cer for 2026

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer's compensation includes a ˱xed component, a variable annual component and a long-term incentive component.

ANNUAL FIXED ANNUAL VARIABLE

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE

(CASH) (CASH)

(PERFORMANCE SHARES)

€1,150,000

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

FINANCIAL CRITERIA

NON-FINANCIAL CRITERIA

PERFORMANCE SHARES VESTED IN 2029

65%

35%

35% Change in Total Shareholder Return (TSR) over 3 years vs. Eurostoxx Utilities index

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

16.25% EBIT

15% Strategic and operational objectives 16.25% Free cash ﬂow

35% ROACE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

16.25% Economic net debt

16.25% Net recurring income, Group share

20% ESG CRITERIA: • Improvement in safety performance (7%)

30% CSR criteria at end-2028 (1) : • GHG emissions across the carbon footprint (15%)

• GHG emissions related to energy production and commodity sales (7%)

• Installed renewable and storage capacity (5%)

• Proportion of women among managers hired (6%)

• Proportion of women among Group managers (10%)

(1) In line with the trajectory established to reach the 2030 target.

Maximum amount: 150% of annual variable component Allocated target amount equivalent to 180% of the annual annual component in accounting terms. The success rate could reach 120% maximum.

[Page 306] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Fixed annual compensation

In accordance with Article 26.3.3 of the Afep-Medef Code, the Chief Executive Of˱cer formally undertakes not to use hedging mechanisms for these Performance Shares. It should be noted that the Chief Executive Of˱cer's target is to create a portfolio of ENGIE shares equivalent to two years' ˱xed compensation, i.e. €2,300,000. Until this target is met, twothirds of the Performance Shares vested to the Chief Executive Of˱cer will be non-transferable. On December 31, 2025, the Chief Executive Of˱cer held 214,000 ENGIE shares.

The ˱xed annual compensation for the Chief Executive Of˱cer amounted to €1,150,000. It was determined according to the role, experience and benchmark market of the Chief Executive Of˱cer, particularly in relation to the ˱xed compensation of executive corporate of˱cers of groups similar to ENGIE in terms of size and scope, and, more generally, on the basis of the above benchmark. It remains unchanged for the duration of the term of of˱ce, which is four years, unless the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the ACGC, votes otherwise, in particular with regard to the market context, or any changes in ENGIE's pro˱le or Group employee compensation.

Annual variable compensation

The target amount valued and granted to the Chief Executive Of˱cer is set at 180% of ˱xed annual compensation in accounting terms (in application of IFRS 2). The number of shares that vest at the end of the plan may represent up to 120% in the event of outperformance, without offsetting the performance of one criterion against another.

The annual variable component is designed to re ˳ect the executive's personal contribution to the Group's development and results. It is balanced in relation to the ˱xed component and determined as a percentage of ˱xed compensation.

As part of the Performance Share plan granted in respect of 2025, and in accordance with the authorization given by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024, the Board of Directors, meeting on February 26, 2025, decided, on the recommendation of the ACGC, to grant Performance Shares to the Chief Executive Of˱cer, the target amount of which corresponds to 180% of ˱xed annual compensation in accounting terms (in application of IFRS 2), i.e., 109,003 Performance Shares. The number of shares that vest at the end of the plan may represent up to 120% in the event of outperformance, i.e., a maximum of 130,803 Performance Shares, without offsetting the performance of one criterion against another.

The target annual variable component amounts to 110% of the ˱xed compensation (€1,265,000) for a 100% target achievement rate, with a maximum of 150% of the target variable component (€1,897,500) in the event that targets are exceeded. It is calculated annually, according to the Chief Executive Of˱cer's performance, using ˱nancial criteria to compensate economic performance (65%), and non-˱nancial criteria (35%), including at least one quanti˱able criterion re˳ecting the Group's ESG objectives, in accordance with ENGIE's Company purpose as stated in the bylaws.

All the shares granted will vest subject to a service condition, applicable up to and including March 14, 2029, on top of the performance conditions set out below.

Performance conditions

For the ˱nancial component , the criteria used are net recurring income/(loss) Group share (25%), EBIT (25%), free cash ˳ow (25%) and economic net debt (25%). The ˱nancial targets for 2026 were based on the Group's provisional budget as prepared by the Board of Directors on February 25, 2026.

All the shares granted in respect of 2026 will vest subject to the performance conditions set out below.

[ESRS 2 – GOV-3] The non- ˱nancial component is based on the progress of the work carried out on the Group's strategic and operational objectives and quanti ˱able ESG criteria.

Financial performance conditions , accounting for 70% of the total performance conditions and relating to:

Strategic and operational objectives include:

• strategic and business objectives;

• transformation and industrialization objectives;

• human resources and organizational objectives.

ESG criteria include:

• Lost Time Injury Rate (7%);

• changes in TSR (stock market performance, reinvested dividend) over three years compared with the Eurostoxx Utilities index (constituting 35% of the total performance conditions). The observation of the TSR over the three-year period will be carried out, initially, with a reference price corresponding to the average of the index and the ENGIE share price for a de ˱ned period of several weeks preceding the ˱rst day of the month of allocation and, in the same way, three years later;

• GHG emissions related to power generation and commodity sales (7%);

• 39% women among managers hired (6%).

• the average annual ROACE (Return On Average Capital Employed) targets in the Medium-Term Business Plan (MTP) over the three years of the plan (constituting 35% of the total performance conditions).

Long-term incentive compensation (Performance Shares)

[ESRS 2 - GOV-3] Exclusively quanti ˱able non-˱nancial performance conditions (together constituting 30% of the total performance conditions), selected for consistency with the Company's purpose as stipulated in its bylaws, i.e.:

• GHG emissions across the carbon footprint (15%);

• installed renewable and storage capacity (5%);

• the proportion of women among Group managers (10%).

The target objectives are in line with the trajectory established to achieve the target objectives by 2030.

This plan, these performance conditions and their weighting, support the implementation of ENGIE's long-term strategy, both ˱nancially and non-˱nancially.

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer's long-term incentive component takes the form of Performance Shares subject to the same performance conditions as those attached to the Performance Share plans for certain employees. These performance conditions are all speci˱c and quanti˱able. They include at least one non-˱nancial performance condition that re˳ects the Group's ESG objectives, in accordance with the Company's purpose as stated in the bylaws. This long-term incentive component is designed to encourage executives to make a long-term commitment as well as to increase their loyalty and align their interests with the Company's corporate interests and the interests of shareholders. This particular component may not account for more than 50% of the executive's total compensation at the initial award.

[Page 307] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Success rate

of the sum of the ˱xed compensation and the actual variable compensation accrued for the year. It will also depend on the Company's performance, since the calculation base includes the variable portion linked to the Group's results.

For each performance condition, there is a threshold, below which the success rate is 0%, a target at which the success rate is 100% and a ceiling associated with a success rate of 120%. The progression between the points is linear.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chief Executive Of˱cer will also bene˱t from the mandatory pension plan (Article 83 of the French Tax Code) applicable to all Group senior executives.

Insurance and healthcare bene ˱t plan

Therefore, the success rate of each criterion can range from 0% to 120%, without the possibility of offsetting the performance of one criterion with the underperformance of another; the overall success rate can range from 0% to 120%. Accordingly, the number of shares can range from 0% to 120% of the target number allocated.

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer will receive social security and healthcare coverage equivalent to the collective plans provided for the ENGIE Group's senior executives in France.

The TSR success rate is:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• 0% for a result equal to that of the index;

Compensation for term of of ˱ce as Director

• 75% for a result equal to that of the index (threshold);

• 100% for a result equal to 105% of the index (target);

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer, if also a Director, will not receive any directors' fees for sitting on the Board of Directors.

• 120% for a result equal to or greater than 120% of the index (ceiling).

Arrangements related to termination of the term of of ˱ce of Chief Executive Of˱cer

The ROACE success rate is:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• equal to zero for a result less than or equal to the threshold;

• 100% for a result equal to the target;

• 120% for a result equal to or greater than the ceiling.

With regard to non- ˱nancial performance conditions , the slopes follow the same rules as those applied to the ROACE.

In the event of departure from the Group, the former Chief Executive Of ˱cer will be bound by a non-compete commitment for a period of one year from the end of her term of of˱ce and will receive one year's compensation payable in 12 monthly installments. The Board of Directors may waive the application of this clause at the time of the Chief Executive Of˱cer's departure.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For the ROACE indicator and non- ˱nancial performance conditions, the Board stringently de˱nes limits corresponding to a success rate of 0% and a maximum rate of 120% according to medium-term targets and the speci˱c nature of each of these indicators.

Exceptional adjustment

In the event of forced departure not resulting from serious misconduct on the part of the corporate of˱cer, and regardless of the form of such departure, the Chief Executive Of˱cer shall receive an indemnity of two years' compensation, which shall be payable only if the performance conditions attached to the annual variable component of the compensation for the two years preceding the year of departure have been met by at least 90% on average.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

With regard to Performance Shares that are not yet vested, in the event of termination of the corporate of˱ce:

• due to resignation, disability, or death, the unvested rights will be maintained;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• for any other reason for departure, the principle will be the loss of all unvested rights, unless decided otherwise by the Board of Directors. This possibility is in accordance with Article 26.3.3 of the Afep-Medef code, which states “when awarding them, the Board may include a provision authorizing it to rule on the maintenance or otherwise of long-term compensation plans not yet acquired, options not yet exercised or shares not yet vested at the time of departure of the bene ˱ciary”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The determination of the above performance criteria derives from the Board of Directors' commitment to the variable nature of the long-term incentive component which rewards ˱nancial and non-˱nancial performance in the medium and long term. They are therefore not meant to be reviewed. However, in the event of exceptional circumstances (such as a change in accounting standards, a signi˱cant change in scope, the completion of a transformative transaction, a substantial change in market conditions or an unforeseen change in the competitive environment), the Board of Directors may adjust upward or downward the results of one or more of the performance criteria associated with the long-term incentive component to ensure that the results of applying these criteria re˳ect the Group's performance. This adjustment would be made by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the ACGC, once the Board of Directors had been assured that the adjustment can reasonably restore the balance or objective initially sought, adjusted for all or part of the impact of the event on the period under review and that the interests of the Company and its shareholders are aligned with the interests of the executive corporate of˱cers. The Board would then justify, in detail, the adjustments made, which would be communicated.

The application of these exceptional adjustments, if any, will be subject to the approval of the Shareholders' Meeting.

In addition, all provisions of the Afep-Medef Code will be applicable to the non-compete commitment and severance payments, in particular with regard to those two payments combined, which may not exceed two years of compensation. “Year of compensation” within the meaning of the noncompete commitment and severance payments referred to above means the last annual ˱xed compensation plus the annual variable compensation paid calculated on the basis of the average annual variable compensation paid for the two years preceding the year of departure.

Pension plans

Pursuant to Article 25.4 of the Afep-Medef Code, the payment of the non-compete indemnity will not apply if the Chief Executive Of˱cer asserts their rights at retirement or over the age of 65.

Bene ˱t in kind

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer will bene˱t from the use of a company car.

The Chief Executive Of ˱cer will bene˱t from a supplementary pension plan, under which the Company does not guarantee the amount of the pension but pays an annual employer contribution, half of which comprises contributions paid to a third-party organization under an optional de˱ned contribution pension plan (Article 82) and half of which is a cash sum, given the immediate taxation on commencement of this mechanism. The employer contribution will correspond to 25%

[Page 308] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

4.2.4 2026 compensation policy for Directors

Annual compensation amount for Directors

The Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 set the annual amount of Directors' compensation at €1.6 million.

Rules for allocation of Directors' compensation

The rules for the allocation of Directors' compensation remain unchanged from those voted for by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 26, 2023 (see Section 4.2.2 Directors' compensation for 2025).

4.2.5 Compensation of executives who are not corporate of ˱cers (members of the Executive Committee)

The amounts below include the variable portions paid in 2025 for 2024 and paid in 2024 for 2023.

Compensation of executives who are not corporate of ˱cers (members of the Executive Committee) is composed of a ˱xed portion and a variable portion.

The variable component paid in 2025 for 2024 was calculated based on economic criteria (net recurring income/(loss) Group share, EBIT, free cash ˳ow, economic net debt) for 65% and on qualitative and non-˱nancial criteria for 35%.

Changes in the ˱xed portion of compensation are linked to changes in speci˱c situations, expansion or signi˱cant change in responsibilities and to repositioning made necessary in view of internal equity or a clear discrepancy vis-à-vis the external market.

The main purpose of the variable portion is to reward the contributions of executives to the Group's results.

SUMMARY TABLE OF GROSS COMPENSATION, INCLUDING BENEFITS IN KIND, FOR EXECUTIVES WHO ARE NOT CORPORATE OFFICERS (EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEMBERS) (1)

In euros 2025 2024

Fixed 5,741,193 4,680,538

Variable 6,947,433 5,434,868

TOTAL 12,688,626 10,115,406

Total members 11 9

(1) Compensation includes: ˶xed + annual variable compensation for the year.

Pension provisions

Following the closure of the plan and the crystallization of random entitlements in 2019, in 2020 the Group converted the random entitlements of bene ˱ciaries, including members of the Executive Committee, into a de˱ned-contribution plan called “Article 82.”

Pursuant to the European Directive of April 16, 2014, Order No.2019-697 relating to supplementary occupational retirement plans, published on July 4, 2019, terminated the existing L.137‑11 plans (referred to as “Article 39”) and prohibited the acquisition of new rights and the entry of any new members as from that date.

4.2.6 Award of Performance Shares (1)

The information presented in this Section constitutes the special report on free share allocations provided for in Article L.225‑197-4 of the French Commercial Code

4.2.6.1 Information on the award of bonus shares or Performance Shares

4.2.6.1.1 Availability of Performance Shares

Articles L.225-197-1 and L.22-10-59 of the French Commercial Code place restrictions on the free availability of Performance Shares granted to executive corporate of ˱cers under share plans.

In accordance with these provisions, a system was established specifying the obligation to hold as registered shares a certain percentage (set by the Board of Directors) of vested Performance Shares. The objective is that after a certain point, the executive corporate of˱cers and, more generally, Executive Committee members would hold a portfolio of ENGIE shares corresponding to a fraction of their compensation.

(1) Please note that there are no more ENGIE stock options as of November 9, 2017.

[Page 309] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

At its meeting of March 1, 2017, the Board of Directors decided, on the recommendation of the ACGC, to update the existing system as follows:

(including the executive corporate of˱cers of the Company) up to a limit of 0.75% of the share capital on the date of the decision to allocate shares, with an annual cap of 0.25% of said share capital and an annual cap of 0.025% of the Performance Shares awarded to executive corporate of˱cers of the Company.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Performance Share Plan for 2025 (Board of Directors' Meeting of February 26, 2025)

• ˱xed target: build a share portfolio equivalent to two years' ˱xed compensation for the Chief Executive Of˱cer, and to one and a half years for other members of the Executive Committee. This objective is set in terms of the number of shares for each person concerned, and is calculated based on the ˱xed annual compensation prevailing at January 1 of the year in question and on the average share price over the previous year;

• until the target is met: continue to hold two-thirds of the vested Performance Shares.

Under the above authorization granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024, on the recommendation of the ACGC, the Board of Directors meeting of Wednesday, February 26, 2025 decided to implement a Performance Share plan.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.2.6.1.2 Bonus share or Performance Share plans implemented for 2025

Authorization of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024

The terms and conditions of this plan, applicable to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer and to certain senior executives, managers with strong potential and key contributors of the Group, are described in Sections 4.2.1.2 Compensation of the Chief Executive Of˱cer and 4.2.3.2 Compensation of the Chief Executive Of˱cer for 2026.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The 28 th resolution of the ENGIE Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024, authorized the Board of Directors to award bonus shares to employees and/ or corporate of ˱cers of companies belonging to the Group

4.2.6.2 Performance Shares granted to and available for sale by each corporate of ˱cer – Summary of current plans

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Performance Shares granted to each ENGIE corporate of ˱cer by ENGIE and by all other ENGIE Group companies in 2025

TABLE 6 – AMF POSITION-RECOMMENDATION – DOC-2021-02 (APPENDIX 2)

Performance Shares granted during the year to each executive corporate of ˱cer by the issuer and by any Group company

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

No. and date of the plan

Number of shares granted during the year

Valuation of shares according to the method used for the consolidated ˱nancial statements (in euros) Vesting date Availability date Performance conditions

Catherine MacGregor 02/26/2025 192,567 at target performance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

231,080 at maximum performance

11.26 03/15/2028 03/15/2028 All of these shares are subject to performance criteria (the details of which are provided in the summary table of current plans in Section 4.2.6.2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Performance Shares that became available for sale by each corporate of ˱cer of ENGIE in 2025

TABLE 7 – AMF POSITION-RECOMMENDATION – DOC-2021-02 (APPENDIX 2) – FREE SHARES GRANTED THAT HAVE BECOME AVAILABLE TO EACH CORPORATE OFFICER

No. and date of the plan Number of shares that became available during the year Vesting conditions

Catherine MacGregor Date of the Board of Directors’ meeting: 04/21/2022 108,000* For details on how to determine the success rate forthe long-term compensation plan awarded in 2022, see Section 4.2.1.4.2.

* Subject to a one-year lock-up period, from March 15, 2025 to March 15, 2026.

[Page 310] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

Details of current ENGIE Performance Share plans, including those granted to executive corporate of ˱cers

Chief Executive Of˱cer's long-term incentive with that of members of the Executive Committee, senior executives and other employees who receive Performance Shares.

The plans rolled out since 2024 include new performance conditions in line with ENGIE’s strategy and ambitions, particularly in terms of ESG, which represent 30% of total performance conditions, that are higher than the previous plans.

ENGIE grants Performance Shares, which have a vesting period of three years and are subject to internal and external performance conditions. Historically the plan has been wideranging and is not limited to senior executives, with nearly 5,200 employee bene ˱ciaries worldwide in 2025. The allocation as of 2022 of Performance Shares (PS) to the Chief Executive Of˱cer in substitution for the Performance Units from which she previously bene˱ted, helped complete the alignment of the

2020 2021 2022

2020 Plan granted in respect of 2021 2021 Plan granted in respect of 2022 CEO 2022 Plan

Date of authorization from the Shareholders' Meeting 05/18/2018 05/20/2021 04/21/2022

Date of decision from the Board of Directors 12/17/2020 12/16/2021 04/21/2022

Share price (in euros) (1) 9.93 9.28 8.79

Total number of Performance Shares awarded 4,914,390 5,029,075 120,000

Number of bene ˱ciaries 7,037 6,951 1

Start of vesting period (2) 12/17/2020 12/16/2021 04/21/2022

End of vesting period 03/14/2024 (3) 03/14/2025 (7)

Start of lock-up period 03/15/2024 (4) 03/15/2025 (4)

End of lock-up period 03/15/2025 (4) 03/15/2026 (4)

Representing 100% of criteria Representing 80% of criteria

ROCE for 2024 compared with target ROCE (30%)

ROCE for 2022 and 2023 compared with target ROCE set in the budget for those two years (1/3)

TSR compared with a benchmark panel (8) (25%)

Related ˱nancial performance conditions (5)

TSR (stock market performance, reinvested dividend) compared with a benchmark panel (1/3) (6)

Growth in ENGIE's net recurring income, Group share, compared with the same panel (8) (25%)

Net recurring income, Group share, for 2022 and 2023 compared with target net recurring income, Group share, set in the budget for those two years (1/3)

N/A Representing 20% of criteria

N/A Reduction of GHG emissions from energy production (10%)

Related non- ˱nancial performance conditions (5)

N/A Increase in renewable capacity (5%)

N/A Increase in the proportion of women in management (5%)

100% 90% (9)

Success rate based on actual achievement of performance conditions

Shares vested as at 12/31/2024 145,000 4,372,035 120,000

Shares vested from 01/01/2025 to 12/31/2025 145,000 3,628,542 0

Shares canceled from 01/01/2025 to 12/31/2025 0 552,243 0

Balance of shares as at 12/31/2025 0 191,250 120,000

(1) Weighted average price (according to the method used for the consolidated ˶nancial statements). (2) Early vesting possible in the event of death or permanent disability. Condition of continuous service at the vesting date. (3) 03/15/2025 for senior executives outside France. (4) For senior executives in France and the Chief Executive Of˶cer. (5) The performance conditions described in the table apply to all shares granted to Group executives. They do not apply to the ˶rst tranche of 150 shares allocated to other bene˶ciaries, nor to bene˶ciaries under innovation and similar programs. (6) The benchmark panel comprised EDF, EDP, E.ON, RWE, ENEL, Iberdrola, Naturgy, Spie and Uniper, with each company receiving an identical weighting. (7) 03/15/2026 for senior executives outside France. (8) The benchmark panel comprised EDP, ENEL, Iberdrola, Naturgy, Snam and RWE. (9) Details of success rates by performance indicator are provided in Section 4.2.1.4.2.

[Page 311] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

2022 2023 2024 2025

2022 Plan granted in respect of 2023 CEO 2023 Plan 2024 Plan (9) 2025 Plan (9)

Date of authorization from the Shareholders' Meeting 04/21/2022 04/21/2022 04/30/2024 04/30/2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Date of decision from the Board of Directors 12/08/2022 02/20/2023 04/30/2024 02/26/2025

Share price (in euros) (1) 10.24 9.91 11.78 11.74

Total number of Performance Shares awarded 4,739,350 120,000 5,759,400 5,730,140

Number of bene ˱ciaries 5,349 1 5,138 5,223

Start of vesting period (2) 12/08/2022 02/20/2023 04/30/2024 02/26/2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

End of vesting period 03/14/2026 (3) 04/30/2027 03/14/2028

Start of holding period 03/15/2026 (4) None None

End of lock-up period 03/15/2027 (4) None None

Representing 80% of criteria Representing 70% of criteria Representing 70% of criteria

2025 ROCE compared with a target ROCE (30%) Average target ROACE over three years (35%) Average target ROACE over three years (35%)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Related ˱nancial performance conditions (5)

TSR compared with a benchmark panel (6) (25%) TSR compared with the EUROSTOXX Utilities index over three years (35%)

TSR compared with the EUROSTOXX Utilities index over three years (35%)

Growth in ENGIE recurring net income, Group share, compared with the same panel (6) (25%) - -

Representing 20% of criteria Representing 30% of criteria Representing 30% of criteria

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reduction of GHG emissions from energy production (10%) GHG emissions related to power generation and the use of products sold (15%)

GHG emissions across the Group’s carbon footprint (15%)

Related non- ˱nancial performance conditions (5)

Increase in installed renewable and battery capacity (7) (5%) Installed renewable capacity (5%) Installed renewable capacity (5%)

Increase in the proportion of women in management (5%) Proportion of women in management (10%) Proportion of women in management (10%)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

87% (8) To be calculated in April 2027 To be calculated in March 2028

Success rate based on actual achievement of performance conditions

Shares vested as at 12/31/2024 4,499,500 120,000 5,668,350 none

Shares vested from 01/01/2025 to 12/31/2025 3,150 0 2,650 0

Shares canceled from 01/01/2025 to 12/31/2025 316,650 0 380,050 209,710

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Balance of shares as at 12/31/2025 4,179,700 120,000 5,285,650 5,520,430

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Weighted average price (according to the method used for the consolidated ˶nancial statements). (2) Early vesting possible in the event of death or permanent disability. Service condition at the vesting date. (3) 03/14/2027 for senior executives outside France. (4) For senior executives in France and the Chief Executive Of˶cer. (5) The performance conditions set out in the table apply to all shares granted to Group executives. They do not apply to the ˶rst tranche of 500 shares allocated to other bene˶ciaries nor to bene˶ciaries under innovation and similar programs. (6) The benchmark panel comprised EDP, ENEL, Iberdrola, Naturgy, Snam and RWE. (7) The name of this indicator and calculation of its success rate incorporate the results of strategic decisions made during the plan's vesting period, namely the Group's acceleration in battery storage to support the development of renewable energies. (8) Details of success rates by performance indicator are provided in Section 4.2.1.4.2. (9) Plan bene˶ciaries, including the Chief Executive Of˶cer.

[Page 312] Corporate governance

Compensation of corporate of ˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

TRADERS' PLANS

2021 Plan 2022 Plan

Date of authorization from the Shareholders' Meeting 05/20/2021 04/21/2022

Date of decision from the Board of Directors 02/14/2022 02/20/2023

Share price (in euros) (1) 12.13 10.89

Start of vesting period (2) 02/14/2022 02/20/2023

End of vesting period 03/14/2024 (3) 03/14/2025 (3) 03/14/2025 (3) 03/14/2026 (3)

Start of holding period none none

End of holding period none none

Related conditions 50% based on 2023 ENGIE Global Markets pro ˱t before tax and 50% based on 2024 ENGIE Global Markets pro˱t before tax.

50% based on 2024 ENGIE Global Markets pro˱t before tax and 50% based on 2025 ENGIE Global Markets pro˱t before tax.

Shares vested as at 12/31/2024 203,735 586,378

Shares vested from 01/01/2025 to 12/31/2025 193,020 280,583

Shares canceled from 01/01/2025 to 12/31/2025 10,715 35,644

Balance of shares as at 12/31/2025 0 270,151

(1) Weighted average price (according to the method used for the consolidated ˶nancial statements). (2) Early vesting possible in the event of death or permanent disability. Condition of continuous service at the vesting date. (3) For half of the shares.

4.2.6.3 Performance Shares granted during 2025 by ENGIE and by all companies included in the ENGIE Performance Share scope to the 10 non-corporate of ˱cer employees of the issuer and its companies who received the greatest number of Performance Shares

Total number of shares awarded

Valuation of shares according to the method used for the consolidated ˱nancial statements (in euros) Issuer Plan

672,000 11.26 ENGIE 02/26/2025

4.2.6.4 Summary of transactions disclosed by executive management and corporate of ˱cers in 2025

Date of transaction Type of transaction Financial instrument Quantity Unit price (in euros)

Transaction price (in euros)

Marie-Claire Daveu 03/04/2025 Vesting Shares 1,500 17.20 25,800

108,000 17.205 1,858,140

Catherine MacGregor 03/15/2025 Vesting Free performance shares

[Page 313] Corporate governance

Additional information concerning corporate governance

4.3 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• information supplied to the Statutory Auditors on related‑party agreements authorized over the year and on those that are already authorized and are ongoing;

• special report of the Statutory Auditors; and

To prevent con ˳icts of interest within French public limited companies, the French Commercial Code provides for an authorization and control procedure for agreements between the Company and its corporate of˱cers or its key shareholders and for agreements entered into with other companies with which it has corporate of˱cers in common.

This authorization and control procedure for related-party agreements is organized in ˱ve phases:

• consultation of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting. After reviewing the Statutory Auditors' special report, the Shareholders' Meeting decides whether or not to approve the agreements.

• information supplied to the Board of Directors;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Without of ˱cially being subject to this procedure, agreements that have already been authorized and which are ongoing are reviewed by the Board on an annual basis.

• prior authorization of the signing, amendment, renewal or cancellation of a related-party agreement by the Board of Directors;

Their existence and consequences are noted in the report presented by the Statutory Auditors to the Shareholders' Meeting (Section 4.5).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.3.1 Agreements relating to current operations and entered into under normal conditions

this agreement and both submitting it to the authorization and control procedure provided for in the related-party agreements, and classifying it as an agreement concerning current operations concluded under normal conditions.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the provisions of Article L.22-10-12 of the French Commercial Code and on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors adopted a procedure on December 17, 2019, to assess whether the agreements relating to current operations, entered into under normal conditions by the company, actually ful ˱ll these conditions (https://www.engie.com/en/by-laws-ENGIE).

A committee within ENGIE's Corporate Secretariat, informed about all draft agreements likely to be classi˱ed as a regulated or current agreement, is tasked with analyzing the characteristics of

This procedure also provides for follow-up in the form of an annual update on its implementation to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors. In accordance with the regulations, it should also be noted that persons directly or indirectly involved in one of the above agreements do not take part either in discussions or in voting on its assessment and its adoption.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.3.2 Related-party agreements and transactions

The special report of the Statutory Auditors on related-party agreements referred to in Article L.225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code for 2025 is provided in Section 4.5.

Details of transactions with related parties as speci ˱ed by the regulations adopted under EC regulation 1606/2002, are provided in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Section 6.2.2).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.3.3 Service contracts binding members of corporate governance bodies

To ENGIE's knowledge, there is no service contract binding members of the Company's corporate governance bodies or any of its subsidiaries that provides for bene ˱ts to be granted under such a contract.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 314] Corporate governance

Additional information concerning corporate governance

4.3.4 Authorizations relating to the share capital and securities carrying rights to shares and their use

The Company's shareholders delegated the following powers and authorizations in relation to ˱nancial matters to the Board of Directors:

AUTHORIZATIONS GRANTED BY THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 24, 2025

Resolution

Nature of authorization or delegation of authority Validity and expiration

Maximum nominal amount per authorization Amounts utilized Remaining balance

18 months until October 23, 2026

Maximum purchase price: €30

0.14% of share capital at 12/31/2025 Remaining 9.86% of share capital

5 th Authorization to trade in the Company's shares (to be used outside public tender offer periods only)

Maximum ownership: 10% of the share capital

Aggregate amount of purchases: € 7.3 billion

Terminates, for the portion not yet used, the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (5 th resolution)

26 months until June 23, 2027

None Full amount of the authorization

15 th Capital increase reserved for employees who are members of ENGIE Group employee saving plans

2% of the share capital as of the date of implementation of the delegation. Amount common with the 16 th resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 24, 2025 (3)

Terminates, for the portion not yet used, the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (25 th resolution)

18 months until October 24, 2026

None Full amount of the authorization

16 th Capital increase reserved for all entities formed as part of the implementation of the ENGIE Group's international employee share ownership plan

Terminates, for the portion not yet used, the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (26 th resolution)

0.5% of the share capital as of the date of implementation of the delegation, which will be counted against the 2% ceiling under the 15 th resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 24, 2025 (3)

[Page 315] Corporate governance

Additional information concerning corporate governance

AUTHORIZATIONS GRANTED BY THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 30, 2024

Resolution

Nature of authorization or delegation of authority Validity and expiration

Maximum nominal amount per authorization Amounts utilized Remaining balance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

26 months until June 29, 2026

None Full amount of the authorization

€225 million for shares (2)(3) and € 5 billion for marketable securities representing debt

17 th Issue of shares and/or marketable securities with PSR (1) (to be used outside public tender offer periods only)

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (16 th resolution)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

26 months until June 29, 2026

None Full amount of the authorization

€225 million for shares (2)(3) and € 5 billion for marketable securities representing debt

18 th Issue of shares and/or marketable securities without PSR (1) (to be used outside public tender offer periods only)

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (17 th resolution)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

26 months until June 29, 2026

None Full amount of the authorization

€225 million for shares (2)(3) and € 5 billion for marketable securities representing debt

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (18 th resolution)

19 th Issue of shares and/or marketable securities without PSR (1) in the context of an offer governed by Article L.411-2-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (to be used outside public tender offer periods only)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

26 months until June 29, 2026

Up to 15% of the initial issue (2)(3) None Full amount of the authorization

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (19 th resolution)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

20 th Increase in the amount of capital increases (greenshoe option) carried out pursuant to the 17 th , 18 th and 19 th resolutions (to be used outside public tender offer periods only)

26 months until June 29, 2026

None Full amount of the authorization

€225 million for shares (2)(3) and € 5 billion for marketable securities representing debt

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (20 th resolution)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

21 th Issue of ordinary shares and/or various securities in consideration for contributions of securities made to the Company, up to a limit of 10% of the share capital (to be used outside public tender offer periods only)

26 months until June 29, 2026

Total amount of the sums that may be incorporated (excluding ceiling)

None Full amount of the authorization

23 th Issue of shares via the capitalization of additional paid-in capital, retained earnings, pro ˱t or any other amounts

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (22 nd resolution)

26 months until June 29, 2026

9.89% of the share capital

24 th Authorization to reduce the share capital by canceling treasury shares (4)

10% of the share capital per 24 month period Reduction resulting from the cancellation of 2,259,865 treasury shares under the LINK 2024 plan of November 7, 2024

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 26, 2023 (16 th resolution)

• i.e., 0.09% of the share capital

Reduction resulting from the cancellation of 554,191 treasury shares under the LINK 2025 plan of July 31, 2025

• i.e., 0.02% of the share capital

[Page 316] Corporate governance

Additional information concerning corporate governance

Resolution

Nature of authorization or delegation of authority Validity and expiration

Maximum nominal amount per authorization Amounts utilized Remaining balance

26 months until June 29, 2026

1.88% of share capital (5)

25 th Capital increase reserved for employees who are members of ENGIE Group employee saving plans

Capital increase of 1,835,029 shares under the LINK 2024 plan of November 7, 2024

• i.e., 0.08% of the share capital

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 26, 2023 (14 th resolution)

2% of the share capital as of the date of implementation of the delegation. Amount common with the 26 th resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (3)

Capital increase of 554,191 shares under the LINK 2025 plan of July 31, 2025

• i.e., 0.02% of the share capital

18 months until October 29, 2025

1.88% of share capital (5)

Capital increase of 424,836 under the LINK 2024 plan of November 7, 2024

• i.e., 0.02% of the share capital

26 th Capital increase reserved for all entities formed as part of the implementation of the ENGIE Group's international employee share ownership plan

Terminates the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 26, 2023 (15 th resolution)

0.5% of the share capital as of the date of implementation of the delegation, which will be counted against the 2% ceiling under the 25 th resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (3)

38 months until June 29, 2027

None Full amount of the authorization

Terminates, for the portion not yet used, the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (26 th resolution)

0.75% of the share capital, (with an annual cap of 0.25% of the share capital), ceiling common to the 27 th and 28 th resolutions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (6)

27 th Authorization to be given to the Board of Directors for the purpose of awarding bonus shares (i) to employees and/or corporate of ˱cers of ENGIE Group companies (with the exception of corporate of˱cers of ENGIE SA) and (ii) to employees participating in an ENGIE Group international employee share ownership plan (World Plans)

[Page 317] Corporate governance

Additional information concerning corporate governance

Resolution

Nature of authorization or delegation of authority Validity and expiration

Maximum nominal amount per authorization Amounts utilized Remaining balance

For 2024

Ceiling:

38 months until June 29, 2027

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

0.27% of share capital (7)

28 th Authorization for the purpose of awarding bonus shares to certain employees and corporate of ˱cers of ENGIE Group companies, (including executive corporate of˱cers of ENGIE)

Terminates, for the portion not yet used, the delegation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2022 (27 th resolution)

Dated April 30, 2024, an award of 5,742,100 Performance Shares, including 144,000 Performance Shares to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer.

Cap for the allocation of Performance Shares to the ECOs:

(Discretionary plans)

0.009% of share capital (9)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• i.e., 0.24% of the share capital as at December 31, 2024

0.75% of share capital, (with an annual cap of 0.25% of share capital and a cap of 0.025% of share capital for the allocation of Performance Shares to ECOs (8) over the entire authorization period of 38 months), a ceiling common to the 27 th and 28 th resolutions of the Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024 (6)

• 0.01% of the unused annual cap

• i.e., 0.006% of share capital for the allocation of Performance Shares to the ECOs

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• 0.019% unused of the 0.025% cap

For 2025

Dated February 26, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Award of 5,730,140 Performance Shares, including 231,080 Performance Shares to the Chief Executive Of ˱cer.

• i.e., 0.24% of share capital at December 31, 2025 for the 0.25% annual cap

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• 0.01% of the unused annual cap

• 0.015% of the unused capital of the 0.025% cap

Total for 2024 and 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• i.e., 0.48% of share capital at December 31, 2025 out of the 0.75% cap

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• i.e., 0.016% of share capital at December 31, 2025 out of the 0.025% cap speci ˶c to the allocation of Performance Shares to the ECOs

(1) PSR: preferential subscription right. (2) Amounts common to issues of marketable securities decided under the 17 th , 18 th , 19 th , 20 th and 21 st resolutions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024. (3) Common ceiling set by the 22 nd resolution of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 30, 2024, under the 17 th , 18 th , 19 th , 20 th , 21 st , 25 th and 26 th resolutions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 30, 2024, and the 15 th and 16 th resolutions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 24, 2025: €265 million. (4) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, Section 7.9. (5) Unused common amounts for authorizations decided under the 25 th and 26 th resolutions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024. (6) This is a common ceiling set by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024, for allocations decided under the 27 th and 28 th resolutions. (7) Unused common amounts for authorizations decided under the 27 th and 28 th resolutions of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 30, 2024. (8) ECOs: Executive Corporate Of ˶cers. (9) Unused amount of the cap of 0.025% of share capital for the allocation of Performance Shares to ECOs over the entire period of validity of the authorization, i.e., 38 months.

[Page 318] Corporate governance

Additional information concerning corporate governance

4.3.5 Provisions in the bylaws on the participation of shareholders at Shareholders' Meetings

Notice to attend meetings (Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the bylaws)

Voting rights (Articles 10, 11, 12 and 20 of the bylaws)

Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings and, where applicable, Special Shareholders' Meetings, are called, meet and deliberate in accordance with the conditions provided for by law. The party issuing the notice convening the meeting also draws up the meeting agenda. However, one or more shareholders may, in accordance with the conditions provided for by law, request that draft resolutions be entered on the agenda.

Unless otherwise provided for by law, each shareholder has as many voting rights and may cast as many votes at meetings as he or she holds fully paid-up shares. Effective April 2, 2016, in accordance with Article L.22-10-46 of the French Commercial Code, all registered and fully paid-up shares registered in the name of the same bene ˱ciary for at least two years are automatically entitled to a double voting right (see Section 5.1.1.3 Voting rights).

The meeting may take place at the Company's head of ˱ce or at any other location stated in the notice.

The shares are indivisible with regard to the Company. Where the shares are subject to usufruct, voting rights attached to shares belong to the bene˱cial owner of the shares in the case of Ordinary Shareholders' Meetings, and to the bare owner in the case of Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings.

Meetings are chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or, in his absence, by the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Deputy Chief Executive Of˱cer if he or she is also Director, or, in the absence of a Deputy Chief Executive Of˱cer, by a Director specially authorized by the Board for this purpose. Otherwise, the Meeting elects its own Chairman.

Any time it is necessary to own several shares in order to exercise any right whatsoever, the owners of isolated shares or an insuf˱cient number of shares may exercise such a right provided that they combine or, as the case may be, buy or sell the necessary shares or rights.

The two members of the Shareholders' Meeting present who accept the duties thereof and who hold the greatest number of votes act as vote tellers. The of˱cers of the meeting appoint the secretary, who may be chosen from outside the shareholders.

An attendance sheet is kept in accordance with the conditions provided for by law. Minutes of meetings are drawn up and copies are issued and certi˱ed in accordance with the conditions provided for by law.

Attendance at meetings (Article 20 of the bylaws)

All shareholders have the right to attend the meetings provided their shares are paid in full.

Any shareholder may cast a vote by proxy in accordance with the terms and conditions provided for by the law and regulations in all meetings. The owners of securities mentioned in the seventh paragraph of Article L.228-1 of the French Commercial Code may be represented, in accordance with the conditions provided for by law, by a registered intermediary. Any shareholder may cast a vote by proxy in accordance with the terms and conditions provided for by the law and regulations. The shareholders may, in accordance with the terms and conditions provided for by the law and regulations, send their postal proxy form either as a printed form or, further to a decision of the Board of Directors published in the notice of meeting and the notice to attend the meeting, by electronic transmission.

Dividends (Article 26.2 of the bylaws)

The right to attend meetings or to be represented therein is subject to the registration of the securities in the shareholder's name by midnight (CET) of the ˱fth business day prior to the meeting, either in the registered securities accounts held by the Company or in bearer securities accounts held by the authorized intermediary.

The Board of Directors may, if it deems necessary, send individualized admission cards to the shareholders in each shareholder's name and require them to be presented in order to gain access to the Shareholders' Meeting.

Any shareholder who can, at the end of a ˱scal year, provide proof of registration for at least two years and continuation thereof on the dividend payment date for the ˱scal year in question, shall receive a 10% increase in the dividend for the shares so registered, over the dividend paid on other shares. This increase will be capped at 0.5% of the share capital for a single shareholder.

Golden share (Article 6 of the bylaws)

If the Board of Directors so decides at the time the Shareholders' Meeting is called, shareholders may participate by any means of telecommunication that permits their identi˱cation in accordance with the terms and conditions set under current regulations. Where applicable, this decision shall be announced in the notice convening the meeting published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Announcements or BALO).

In accordance with the French Energy Code and Decree No. 2007-1790 of December 20, 2007, the share capital includes a golden share resulting from the conversion of one ordinary share owned by the French State. The golden share gives the latter a right to veto certain decisions relating to gas infrastructure in France, which represents a small proportion of the Group's strategic assets (see Section 5.4.4 Golden share).

[Page 319] Corporate governance

Corporate Governance Code

4.3.6 Information on elements that could have an impact on takeover bids or public exchange offers

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Committee, 4.3.4 Authorizations relating to the share capital and securities carrying rights to shares and their use, 4.3.5 Provisions in the bylaws on the participation of shareholders at Shareholders' Meetings, 5.4.2 Breakdown of share capital, 5.4.3 Disclosure thresholds, 5.4.4 Golden share and 7.1 General information on ENGIE and its bylaws.

Pursuant to Article L.22-10-11 of the French Commercial Code, the elements that could have an impact in the event of a takeover bid or public exchange offer are speci ˱ed in Sections 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue, 4.1 Governance organization and operations, 4.1.2 Activities and operations of the Board of Directors, 4.2 Compensation of corporate of˱cers and members of the Executive

4.3.7 Statutory Auditors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Ernst & Young et Autres

Deloitte & Associés

Company represented by Sarah Kokot and Guillaume Rouger.

Company represented by Laurence Dubois and Nadia Laadouli.

6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France

1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1, France

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Deloitte & Associés has been a Statutory Auditor for the Company since July 16, 2008. Its term of of ˱ce was renewed at the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of May 14, 2020, for a period of six years and will expire at the close of the 2026 Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held to approve the ˱nancial statements for the year ending December 31, 2025.

Ernst & Young et Autres has been a Statutory Auditor for the Company since May 19, 2008. Its term of of ˱ce was renewed at the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of May 14, 2020, for a period of six years and will expire at the close of the 2026 Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held to approve the ˱nancial statements for the year ending December 31, 2025.

In accordance with current legal and regulatory provisions, Deloitte & Associés remains eligible for reappointment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Previously, Ernst & Young Audit was Statutory Auditor between 1995 and 2007.

As Ernst & Young et Autres has reached the maximum term of of˱ce provided for by legal and regulatory provisions in force, its term of of˱ce can't be renewed.

The Board of Directors has therefore decided, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, which has examined the independence and competence of the ˱rm, to propose to the Shareholders’ Meeting of 2026 the reappointment of Deloitte & Associés as Statutory Auditors, for the ˱nancial audit and the audit of the sustainability statement.

In application of these provisions, the Group's Finance Department, in coordination with the ESG Department, conducted a call for tenders during 2024.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Following this invitation to tender, and on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, which examined in particular the independence and competence of the candidates, the Board of Directors has decided to propose to the Shareholders’ Meeting of 2026 the appointment of KPMG S.A., as Statutory Auditor, for the ˱nancial audit and the audit of the sustainability statement, in replacement of Ernst & Young et Autres.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE maintains its commitment to implementing corporate governance guidelines and for this purpose refers to the Afep-Medef Corporate Governance Code for listed companies (amended in December 2022), with the exception of the following:

Afep-Medef Code recommendations Explanation

19.1 Membership

With regard to the Compensation Committee, the committee must not include any executive corporate of ˱cers and must be composed of a majority of Independent Directors. It is recommended that the Chairman of the committee be independent and that an employee Director be a member.

Each Board committee includes either a Director representing employees or a Director representing employee shareholders. At the end of the term of of˱ce of the Director representing employee shareholders in April 2025, the Board reviewed the membership of the ACGC. With a view to ensuring continuity in the Committee's work, and given the suitability of employee pro˱les for ACGC membership, the Board has decided to maintain employee representation in this form. This situation may be reassessed when future renewals take place, depending on the pro˱le of the available Employee Directors and Directors representing employee shareholders.

[Page 320] Corporate governance

Statutory auditors' special report on regulated agreements

4.5 STATUTORY AUDITORS' SPECIAL REPORT ON REGULATED AGREEMENTS

This is a translation into English of a report issued in French and it is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional standards applicable in France.

Agreements previously approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting

Shareholders’ Meeting held to approve the ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025

To the Engie Shareholders’ Meeting,

Pursuant to Article R. 225-30 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ), we have been informed that the following agreements, previously approved by Shareholders’ Meeting of prior years, had continuing effect during the year.

In our capacity as statutory auditors of your Company, we hereby report to you on regulated agreements.

With Mr. Clamadieu, Chairman of the Board of Directors of your Company

a) Bene ˱t plan

Nature, purpose and terms

Your Board of Directors, at its meeting of June 19, 2018, resolved to grant the Chairman of the Board of Directors a bene ˱t plan equivalent to the policy for all your Company’s executives in France, through a group insurance policy taken out by your Company. This policy provides life insurance and sick leave bene˱ts.

The terms of our engagement require us to communicate to you, based on information provided to us, the principal terms and conditions of those agreements brought to our attention or which we may have discovered during the course of our audit, as well as the reasons justifying that such agreements are in the Company’s interest, without expressing an opinion on their usefulness and appropriateness or identifying other such agreements, if any. It is your responsibility, pursuant to Article R. 225-31 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ), to assess the interest involved in respect of the conclusion of these agreements for the purpose of approving them.

b) Healthcare plan

Nature, purpose and terms

Our role is also to provide you with the information stipulated in Article R. 225-31 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) relating to the implementation during the past year of agreements previously approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting, if any.

Your Board of Directors, at its meeting of December 11, 2018, resolved to grant the Chairman of the Board of Directors a health insurance policy equivalent to the policy for all your Company’s executives in France, through a group insurance policy taken out by your Company. This policy covers the standard coverage items for reimbursement of medical costs for the insured and his bene ˱ciaries.

We performed the procedures that we considered necessary with regard to the professional guidelines of the French National Institute of Statutory Auditors ( Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes ) applicable to this engagement. These procedures consisted in agreeing the information provided to us with the relevant source documents.

Agreements submitted to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting

We hereby inform you that we have not been advised of any agreements authorized and entered into during the year to be submitted to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting pursuant to Article L. 225-38 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ).

Paris-La Défense, March 6, 2026

The Statutory Auditors French original signed by

DELOITTE & ASSOCIES ERNST & YOUNG et Autres

Laurence Dubois Nadia Laadouli Sarah Kokot Guillaume Rouger

[Page 321] INFORMATION ON THE SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OWNERSHIP

5.1 Information on the share capital 320

5.4 Share ownership 337

5.1.1 Share capital and voting rights 320

5.4.1 Stock price 337

5.1.2 Potential capital and share equivalents 320

5.4.2 Breakdown of share capital 337

5.4.3 Disclosure thresholds 338

5.1.3 Five-year summary of changes in the share capital 321

5.4.4 Golden share 338

5.1.4 Stock repurchase 322

5.4.5 Dividend distribution policy 339

5.4.6 Shareholders’ agreement 339

5.2 Non-equity securities 323

5.2.1 Deeply subordinated perpetual notes 323

5.5 Financial reporting schedule 339

5.2.2 Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) Program 323

5.2.3 Bond issues 323

5.3 Green bonds 324

5.3.1 Description of the bond 324

5.3.2 Projects and eligibility criteria 325

5.3.3 Eligible Green Projects 326

5.3.4 Limited assurance report of one of the statutory auditors on information relating to the allocation, as of December 31, 2025, of funds raised through the Green Bonds issued on June 14 , 2024, October 28, 2024, April 11, 2025, July 2, 2025, September 11, 2025 and October 13, 2025 335

[Page 322] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Information on the share capital

5.1 INFORMATION ON THE SHARE CAPITAL

5.1.1 Share capital and voting rights

5.1.1.1 Share capital

On February 27, 2026, ENGIE carried out a capital increase with cancellation of shareholders’ preferential subscription rights, by means of a private placement through an accelerated bookbuilding (ABB) process, involving the issue of 107,142,857 new shares, which increased the total number of shares making up the Company’s share capital from 2,435,285,011 to 2,542,427,868.

ENGIE shares are listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris and Euronext Brussels and on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under ISIN Code FR0010208488 and ticker symbol ENGI. ENGIE shares are included in the CAC 40 index, the main index published by Euronext Paris, and are eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service ( Service du Règlement Différé – SRD). ENGIE is also listed on the following main indexes: SBF 120, STOXX Europe 600, STOXX Europe 600 Utilities, Euro STOXX Utilities, MSCI Europe, MSCI Europe Utilities.

As a result, as of the date of this document, ENGIE’s share capital stood at €2,542,427,868, divided into 2,542,427,868 fully paid-up shares with a par value of €1 each.

As of December 31, 2025, ENGIE’s share capital stood at €2,435,285,011, divided into 2,435,285,011 fully paid-up shares with a par value of €1 each.

5.1.1.2 Pledges, guarantees and collateral

Pledges of assets

The percentage of shares pledged is not signi ˱cant.

Other pledges

In millions of euros Total Value 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 to 2035 Beyond 2035

Account total

Corresponding %

Intangible assets 4 - - - - - 1 3 7,919 0.1%

Property, plant and equipment 1,225 18 3 6 5 1 471 722 65,499 1.9%

Equity investments 3,146 932 618 - - 81 490 1,026 8,294 35.3%

Bank accounts 327 65 173 32 25 8 2 22 14,507 2.3%

Other assets 0 - - - - - - - 35,488 0.0%

TOTAL 4,703 1,015 793 38 30 90 963 1,773 132,337 3.6%

Note: the total amount of the pledge relating to equity instruments may relate to consolidated equity instruments with zero value in the consolidated balance sheet (elimination of these equity instruments upon consolidation).

5.1.1.3 Voting rights

Each shareholder has as many voting rights and may cast as many votes at meetings as he or she holds shares which are fully paid up.

Pursuant to Article L.111-68 of the French Energy Code ( Code de l’énergie ) as modi ˱ed by law no. 2019-486 of May 22, 2019, the French government is required to hold at least one share in the Company.

However, in accordance with Articles L.22-10-46 and L.225-123 of the French Commercial Code, all registered and fully paid-up shares registered in the name of the same bene ˱ciary for at least two years are automatically entitled to double voting rights.

In addition, pursuant to the French Energy Code and Decree 2007-1790 of December 20, 2007, ENGIE’s share capital includes a golden share (for details, see Section 5.4.4 Golden share).

On December 31, 2025, the Company had 2,435,285,011 shares corresponding to 3,224,803,177 theoretical voting rights.

5.1.2 Potential capital and share equivalents

As of December 31, 2025, there were no share equivalents conferring direct or indirect access to ENGIE’s share capital.

[Page 323] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Information on the share capital

5.1.3 Five-year summary of changes in the share capital

Par value per share (in euros)

Date Event Nominal (in euros) Premium (in euros) Share capital (in euros) Number of shares

2,310,951 22,000,254 2,437,595,962 2,437,595,962 1.00

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

12/22/2022 Share capital increase resulting from the subscription of 2,310,951 shares under the capital increase reserved for participants in an employee savings plan offered by the Group (Link 2022)

770,823 7,338,235 2,438,366,785 2,438,366,785 1.00

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

12/22/2022 Share capital increase resulting from the subscription of 770,823 shares under the capital increase reserved for Link International Employees (Link 2022)

-3,081,774 - 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 1.00

12/22/2022 Share capital reduction resulting from the cancellation of 3,081,774 treasury shares

1,717,174 20,073,764 2,437,002,185 2,437,002,185 1.00

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

11/07/2024 Increase in share capital resulting from the subscription of 1,717,174 shares by the Link Classic 2024 and Link Multiple INT 2024 sub-funds of the Link International employee investment fund

117,855 - 2,437,120,040 2,437,120,040 1.00

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

11/07/2024 Increase in share capital resulting from the free allocation of newly issued shares in connection with subscriptions through the LINK Classic 2024 sub-fund

424,836 4,966,333 2,437,544,876 2,437,544,876 1.00

11/07/2024 Increase in share capital resulting from ECRINVEST’s subscription to new ENGIE shares

-2,259,865 - 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 1.00

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

11/07/2024 Share capital reduction resulting from the cancellation of 2,259,865 treasury shares

304,044 4,183,645 2,435,589,055 2,435,589,055 1.00

07/31/2025

Increase in share capital resulting from the subscription of 304,044 shares by the Link International Relais 2025 employee investment fund

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

07/31/2025

Increase in share capital resulting from the free allocation of newly issued shares in connection with subscriptions through the FCPE LINK INTERNATIONAL 2025 250,147 - 2 435 839 202 2 435 839 202 1.00

07/31/2025

Share capital reduction resulting from the cancellation of 554,191 treasury shares -554,191 - 2 435 285 011 2,435,285,011 1.00

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 324] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Information on the share capital

5.1.4 Stock repurchase

5.1.4.1 Treasury stock

The 5 th resolution of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 24, 2025, authorized the Company to trade in its own shares in order to manage its shareholders’ equity according to the applicable laws and regulations.

Between January 1 and December 31, 2025, the Company purchased 30,610,328 shares, for a total value of €564.4 million (or €18.44 per share) under the liquidity agreement. Over the same period, and also under this liquidity agreement, ENGIE disposed of 30,610,328 shares for a total price of €564.7 million (or €18.45 per share).

Terms of purchase:

• maximum unit purchase price: €30 (excluding transaction costs);

Moreover, between January 1 and December 31, 2025, ENGIE purchased 3,000,000 shares for a total value of €55.4 million (or €18.46 per share) to hedge the employee share ownership plan.

• maximum number of shares that may be purchased for the duration of the program: 10% of the share capital;

• maximum total amount of acquisitions, net of fees: €7.3 billion.

Between January 1 and February 25, 2026, ENGIE purchased 2,009,911 shares for a total value of €51.0 million (or €25.38 per share) under the liquidity agreement. Over the same period, and also under this liquidity agreement, ENGIE disposed of 2,009,611 shares for a total price of €51.1 million (or €25.40 per share).

Furthermore, between January 1 and February 25, 2026, ENGIE purchased 2,200,000 shares to cover its commitments to the bene ˱ciaries of stock options, bonus shares and company savings plans.

A one-year liquidity agreement, renewable by tacit agreement, of an initial value of €55 million was signed on May 2, 2006, on the Euronext Paris market with Rothschild & Cie Banque. This agreement was amended on several occasions, with the latest major amendment signed on January 24, 2019, in order to comply with the decision of July 2, 2018 by the French Financial Markets Authority ( Autorité des marchés ˶nanciers – AMF), setting the maximum amount of the contract at €50 million as of January 1, 2019.

On February 25, 2026, the Company held 0.228% of its share capital, or 5,547,186 shares to cover its commitments to the bene˱ciaries of stock options, bonus shares and company savings plans.

The main purpose of this agreement is to reduce the volatility of the ENGIE share and therefore the risk perceived by investors. This agreement complies with the Code of Conduct drawn up by the French Association of Investment Companies ( Association Française des Entreprises d’Investissement ). This agreement continued to apply in 2025.

5.1.4.2 Description of the treasury stock repurchase program to be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29, 2026

• to provide for the subsequent cancellation of the repurchased shares under a decision or authorization to reduce the share capital by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting;

Pursuant to Articles 241-1 to 241-5 of the AMF’s General Regulations, the purpose of the following program description is to set out the objectives, terms and conditions of ENGIE’s stock repurchase program, as it will be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on April 29, 2026.

• to allocate or dispose of such shares to employees or former employees and corporate of ˱cers or former corporate of˱cers of the Group;

A. Main features of the program

The main features and goals of the program are summarized below:

• to set up stock option plans, bonus share plans on existing shares, or employee share ownership plans under company savings plans;

• relevant securities: shares listed on Eurolist – SRD at the Paris Stock Exchange or on Eurolist at the Brussels Stock Exchange;

• to allocate or dispose of such shares to any entity as part of implementing an international employee share ownership plan;

• maximum repurchase percentage authorized by the Shareholders’ Meeting: 10% of the share capital;

• maximum unit purchase price: €40 (excluding transaction costs).

• to provide for the holding and subsequent delivery of shares (as exchange, payment or otherwise) in the context of external growth transactions within the limit of 5% of the share capital;

B. Objectives of the stock repurchase program

The objectives of the ENGIE stock repurchase program are summarized below:

• to ensure liquidity in the Company’s shares by an investment service provider (1) under liquidity agreements;

• to provide for the hedging of securities conferring entitlement to Company share allocations, through issuance of shares, upon the exercise of the rights attached to securities conferring entitlement to Company shares by conversion, redemption, exchange, upon presentation of a warrant or other means of allocation;

• to implement any other market practices previously or subsequently authorized or to be authorized by market authorities.

(1) The term is de ˶ned in the glossary, see Section 7.9.

[Page 325] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Non-equity securities

C. Terms and conditions

Maximum percentage of share capital that may be repurchased and maximum amount payable by ENGIE

Therefore, based on the estimated share capital on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting, the stock repurchase program could cover 240 million shares, representing 9.86% of the share capital, for a maximum amount of €9.6 billion.

Maximum term of the stock repurchase program

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The stock repurchase program will be in effect for a period of 18 months beginning on April 29, 2026, date of this Shareholders’ Meeting, i.e., until October 28, 2027.

The maximum number of shares that may be purchased by ENGIE may not exceed 10% of the share capital of the Company on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting, i.e., 243.5 million shares, for a maximum theoretical amount of €9.8 billion. ENGIE reserves the right to hold the maximum amount authorized.

On December 31, 2025, ENGIE directly held 3,347,486 shares, i.e., 0.14% of the share capital.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.1.4.3 Book value and nominal value

The book value and the nominal value of the shares held by ENGIE itself or in its name, or by its subsidiaries, are indicated respectively in Note 8 Marketable securities of Section 6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements, and in Section 5.1.3 Five-year summary of changes in the share capital.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.2 NON-EQUITY SECURITIES

5.2.1 Deeply subordinated perpetual notes

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition, on October 13, 2025, ENGIE carried out two new debt issues for a total of €1,000 million in deeply subordinated perpetual notes (see also Section 5.3 Green bonds).

On February 28, 2025, ENGIE exercised the redemption option on the FR0013398229 bond, which had a balance of €454.5 million.

Similarly, on July 8, 2025, ENGIE redeemed the FR0013431244 bond, which had a balance of €193.2 million.

Following these transactions, the outstanding amount of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes was as follows at December 31, 2025:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Currency Coupon rate Issue date Maturity First Call Date (1) Outstanding amount (in millions of euros) Exchange ISIN Code

EUR 1.500% 11/30/2020 Perpetual 05/30/2028 850.0 Paris FR0014000RR2

EUR 1.875% 07/02/2021 Perpetual 01/02/2031 705.1 Paris FR00140046Y4

EUR 4.750% 06/14/2024 Perpetual 06/14/2030 800.0 Paris FR001400QOK5

EUR 5.125% 06/14/2024 Perpetual 06/14/2033 1,035.0 Paris FR001400QOL3

EUR 4.000% 10/13/2025 Perpetual 01/13/2032 500.0 Paris FR0014013BG2

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EUR 4.500% 10/13/2025 Perpetual 01/13/2035 500.0 Paris FR0014013BH0

(1) Nearest date for early redemption in accordance with applicable conditions.

All of the above securities are rated Baa3 by Moody’s, BBBby Standard and Poor’s, and BBBby Fitch.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the provisions of IAS 32, and given their characteristics, these instruments are recognized in equity in the Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements (see Note 16.2.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements).

5.2.2 Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) Program

ENGIE has a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program, with a validity period of 12 months, renewed every year. The latest version of the program’s base prospectus is available on ENGIE’s website (www.engie.com/en/ ˱nance/˱xed-incomes/debtprogrammes-mtn-cp).

5.2.3 Bond issues

The main features of the bonds issued by the Company and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 are described in Note 12 Borrowings and debt of Section 6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements.

[Page 326] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3 GREEN BONDS

5.3.1 Description of the bond

To support the Group’s development plan in line with its purpose ( raison d’être ), particularly in renewable energy and energy ef ˱ciency, ENGIE SA issued ˱ve new green bonds in 2025, of which three senior bonds and two hybrid bonds, respectively totaling €1,700 million and CHF 300 million, as well as a €100 million tap issue of a green bond initially issued in 2019.

The outstanding amount of €454.5 million of a hybrid green bond issued in 2019 (ISIN FR0013398229) was also repaid in February 2025 after the prepayment option for the instrument was exercised.

Further to these transactions, the outstanding amount of green bonds issued by ENGIE SA was as follows at December 31, 2025:

Outstanding amount

(in currency millions) Exchange ISIN Code Details on allocations

Type Currency Coupon rate Issue date Maturity

Senior EUR 2.375% 05/19/2014 05/19/2026 1,246.3 Paris FR0011911247 2014, 2015 and 2016 Registration Documents

Senior EUR 1.500% 03/27/2017 03/27/2028 800 Paris FR0013245867 2017 Registration Document

Senior EUR 1.375% 09/28/2017 02/28/2029 750 Paris FR0013284254 2018 Registration Document

Senior EUR 0.375% 06/21/2019 06/21/2027 750 Paris FR0013428489 2020 Universal Registration Document EUR 1.375% 06/21/2019 06/21/2039 750 Paris FR0013428513

EUR 0.500% 10/24/2019 10/24/2030 900 Paris FR0013455813

Senior

EUR 0.500% 07/02/2025 10/24/2030 100 (2) Paris FR0013455813 2025 Universal Registration Document

Senior EUR 1.750% 03/27/2020 03/27/2028 750 Paris FR0013504677

2020 and 2021 Universal Registration Documents EUR 2.125% 03/27/2020 03/30/2032 750 Paris FR0013504693

Hybrid EUR 1.500% 11/30/2020 Perpetual (05/30/2028 (1) ) 850 Paris FR0014000RR2

Hybrid EUR 1.875% 07/02/2021 Perpetual (01/02/2031 (1) ) 705.1 Paris FR00140046Y4 2021 Universal Registration Document

Senior EUR 0.375% 10/26/2021 10/26/2029 750 Paris FR0014005ZP8 2021 and 2022 Universal Registration Documents EUR 1.000% 10/26/2021 10/26/2036 750 Paris FR0014005ZQ6

Senior EUR 3.500% 09/27/2022 09/27/2029 650 Paris FR001400A1H6 2022 Universal Registration Document

EUR 3.625% 01/11/2023 01/11/2030 1,100 (2) Paris FR001400F1G3

Senior

EUR 4.000% 01/11/2023 01/11/2035 1,175 (2) Paris FR001400F1I9

EUR 4.250% 01/11/2023 01/11/2043 750 Paris FR001400F1M1

2023 Universal Registration Document

Senior GBP 5.625% 04/03/2023 04/03/2053 650 Paris FR001400H1V0

Senior CHF 2.340% 07/04/2023 01/04/2027 190 SIX CH1277582008

CHF 2.490% 07/04/2023 07/04/2031 225 SIX CH1277582016

Senior EUR 4.500% 09/06/2023 09/06/2042 900 Paris FR001400KHI6 2023 and 2024 Universal Registration Documents

Senior EUR 3.875% 12/06/2023 12/06/2033 900 Paris FR001400MF86

EUR 4.250% 03/06/2024 03/06/2044 600 Paris FR001400OJE3

2024 Universal Registration Document Senior EUR 3.875% 03/06/2024 03/06/2036 800 Paris FR001400OJC7

EUR 4.750% 06/14/2024 Perpetual (03/14/2030 (1) ) 800 Paris FR001400QOK5

Hybrid

EUR 5.125% 06/14/2024 Perpetual (03/14/2033 (1) ) 1.035 Paris FR001400QOL3 2024 and 2025 Universal Registration Documents

Senior GBP 5.750% 10/28/2024 10/28/2050 500 Paris FR001400TMR8

Senior CHF 1.205% 04/11/2025 04/11/2029 100 SIX CH1400000027

CHF 1.655% 04/11/2025 04/11/2033 200 SIX CH1400000035

2025 Universal Registration Document

Senior EUR 3.875% 09/11/2025 09/11/2037 700 Paris FR0014012L86

EUR 4.000% 10/13/2025 Perpetual (01/13/2032 (1) ) 500 Paris FR0014013BG2

Hybrid

EUR 4.500% 10/13/2025 Perpetual (01/13/2035 (1) ) 500 Paris FR0014013BH0 -

(1) Nearest date for early redemption in accordance with applicable conditions. (2) Including increase through tap issue.

[Page 327] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

The total amount of green bonds issued by ENGIE SA reached €26.8 billion at the end of 2025, of which €22.3 billion is still outstanding (1) .

• the funds raised can be allocated for re ˱nancing other green ˱nancing instruments previously issued by ENGIE. For each issue, ENGIE undertakes to allocate at least 50% of the funds raised to new spending (on Eligible Green Projects) to which funds were not previously allocated;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• as of December 31 of each year, the Group must hold cash (and cash equivalents) of an amount at least equal to the funds raised by the green bonds, less amounts allocated to fund Eligible Green Projects at that date.

Green bonds comply with the provisions of the Green Financing Framework, which is regularly updated. The latest version of the Green Financing Framework dates from March 2026 and is fully compliant with the Green Bond Principles (GBP) published by the International Capital Market Association. The Green Bond Framework and Green Financing Framework are available on ENGIE’s website at the following address: green ˱nance (https://www.engie.com/en/˱nance/ credit/green-˱nance.)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The principles of the March 2026 Green Financing Framework follow on from previous frameworks (in particular the June 2023 framework):

ENGIE aims to have fully allocated each green bond within two years of the date of issue (three years if the bond has a maturity of 10 years or more). If, for a given ˱scal year, several green bonds must be allocated, the allocation in that year will be based, as far as possible, on the following principles:

• ˱rst by issuance date order, i.e., priority will be given to bonds issued ˱rst; and

• then in order of duration, with a shorter tranche having priority over a longer one.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In line with its commitments, ENGIE requested one of its Statutory Auditors (Deloitte & Associés), to provide a statement certifying compliance of the selected projects with the eligibility criteria and the amounts allocated to those projects (see Section 5.3.4).

• the funds raised are allocated to projects supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy in direct connection to ENGIE’s strategy (“Eligible Green Projects”). The Eligible Green Projects must fall within a pre-de ˱ned category of projects and meet certain technical criteria. The eligibility criteria were determined by ENGIE and examined by Moody’s Investor Service. The second-party opinion provided by Moody’s is available on ENGIE’s website at the following address: https://www.engie.com/sites/default/˱les/assets/documents/ 2026-03/Moody%27s%20Ratings_ENGIE_SPO_032026.pdf;

ENGIE follows the four principles established by the International Capital Market Association (Green Bond Principles), which are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the use of the proceeds;

• until the funds raised are entirely allocated to Eligible Green Projects (or after, in the event of a substantial change in allocations), ENGIE is committed to providing information in its Universal Registration Document on the fund allocations made during the period concerned;

• existing processes to evaluate and select Eligible Green Projects;

• the management of the proceeds; and

• reporting.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the funds may be allocated to Eligible Green Projects carried out after the issue of the green ˱nancing instrument, or used to re˱nance CAPEX or OPEX for Eligible Green Projects having taken place in the 24 months prior to the issue of the green ˱nancing instrument. The amounts allocated are calculated after deduction of any external funding already dedicated to these projects;

5.3.2 Projects and eligibility criteria

The categories of projects covered by the Green Financing Framework of 2026 and 2023 are described below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• renewable energy production (hydropower, geothermal energy, wind, solar, bioenergy, low-carbon hydrogen, marine energy);

The technical eligibility criteria for the different categories of the Green Financing Framework are available on ENGIE’s website at the following address: https:// www.engie.com/sites/default/ ˱les/assets/documents/202603/Engie_Green_Financing_Framework_03-2026.pdf

• energy storage (use of pumped storage and battery storage to store electricity);

• transmission/transport and distribution networks (electricity, renewable and low carbon gases);

A Green Financing Committee meets regularly to discuss market developments and projects that could be ˱nanced by green bonds. Chaired by the ESG Department and Corporate Finance Department, it brings together the contributing GBU and certain Group support functions.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• energy ef ˱ciency (including district heating and cooling network);

• clean transportation (including electric vehicle charging stations).

(1) This amount does not include the green bonds issued by the subsidiary ENGIE Energia Chile, which are the subject of a separate allocation report.

[Page 328] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3 Eligible Green Projects

The 2025 allocations are governed by the criteria of the June 2023 Green Financing Framework, in line with the conditions of the allocated green bonds. During the year, ENGIE allocated €3.0 billion in Eligible Green Projects, as broken down below:

In millions of euros

ENGIE SA Green Bonds allocated Nominal amount

Amount allocated in 2024

Amount allocated in 2025 Balance to be allocated Reallocations after redemption New allocations

PNC9 Hybrid June 2024 (ISIN FR001400QOL3) 1,035 270 75.3 689.7 -

Senior GBP 26 years October 2024 (ISIN FR001400TMR8) 600 (1) - 65.7 534.3 -

Senior CHF 4 years April 2025 (ISIN CH1400000027) 104.7 (1) - - 104.7 -

Senior CHF 8 years April 2025 (ISIN CH1400000035) 209.4 (1) - 7.1 202.3 -

Senior tap July 2025 (ISIN FR0013455813) 100 - 3.5 96.5 -

12-year senior September 2025 (ISIN FR0014012L86) 700 - 38.0 662.0 -

PNC6.5 Hybrid October 2025 (ISIN FR0014013BG2) 500 - 10.2 489.8 -

PNC9.5 Hybrid October 2025 (ISIN FR0014013BH0) 500 - - - 500

TOTAL 3,749.1 270.0 199.8 2,779.3 500.0

(1) Nominal amount of the issue in foreign currency converted into euros at the currency hedge rate/historical rate.

As a result of these allocations, the balance of the funds raised by the PNC9 hybrid green bond issued in June 2024 (already partially allocated in 2024), as well as all the funds raised by the four senior green bonds issued between October 2024 and September 2025, the top-up of a green bond issued

in July 2025, and the PNC6.5 hybrid green bond, were fully allocated. In accordance with the principle of allocation by seniority and maturity, none of the funds raised by the PNC9.5 hybrid green bond issued in October 2025 were allocated in 2025.

5.3.3.1 Reallocations after redemption

Following the above-mentioned redemption, the Eligible Green Projects previously allocated to the redeemed bond were partially reallocated to the green bonds issued between June 2024 and October 2025.

The main category of reallocated Eligible Green Projects relates to renewable wind energy production (€134.5 million, including the CN’AIR project in France and the King Plains and Triple H projects in the United States), followed by solar (€41.0 million), renewable and low-carbon gas transmission and distribution networks (€11.2 million) and bioenergy (€11.8 million).

The total amount reallocated is €199.8 million, established based on the initial amount allocated to the various Eligible Green Projects meeting the criteria of the 2023 Green Financing Frameworks.

The reallocated amounts relate to Eligible Green Projects located mainly in North America (50%) and Europe (47%).

5.3.3.2 New allocations

1. Renewable energy production

The funds allocated to Eligible Green Projects in 2025 include €2.4 billion for investments made in 2025 (including €457.7 million in ˱nancial CAPEX for the acquisition of pure players, and €187.7 million in maintenance CAPEX), and €0.4 billion for investments made in 2024 (mainly ˱nancial CAPEX for the acquisition of pure players).

The allocations contribute to the funding or acquisition of Eligible Green Projects in the following areas:

• renewable energy production (solar power, wind power, hydropower, bioenergy, low-carbon hydrogen, and/or geothermal energy);

The energy transition and the development of renewable energy on a global scale are a strategic priority for ENGIE. The Group’s installed centralized and decentralized electricity production capacity, taken at 100% for its renewables production businesses represents 50% of its installed capacity. ENGIE is targeting a 58%-66% share of installed renewable energy capacity in its electricity production portfolio taken at 100% by 2030. ENGIE thus continued, in 2025, to expand its portfolio of renewable assets, mainly in wind and solar, by developing new projects, in particular in North America and Europe.

• energy storage;

• renewable gas transmission and distribution networks;

• clean mobility; and

• energy ef ˱ciency.

Portfolio growth was also supported by the acquisition in 2025, of two hydropower plants in Brazil with a total installed capacity of 612 MW. This transaction followed the completion, in March 2024, of the acquisition of ˱ve solar power plants with a total capacity of 545 MW in operation. ENGIE continued to invest in offshore wind via the joint venture Ocean Winds.

[Page 329] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

This is one of the reasons why ENGIE invests in pumped storage and battery storage.

The Group aims to achieve 100% renewable gases in its energy mix in 2050, with the intermediate 2035 objective of having an annual production capacity of 10 TWh in Europe.

The Eligible Green Projects concerned by the 2025 allocation include:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the development of battery storage units in the United States, either independent or co-located with a renewable energy production asset;

In 2025, a total amount of €2.1 billion was allocated to Eligible Green Projects relating to renewable energy production as described above. When fully operational, these projects should contribute to avoiding at least 3.08 million metric tons of CO 2 eq. of greenhouse gas emissions per year.

• the Dinorwig (1,728 MW) and Ffestiniog (360 MW) pumped storage facilities in the United Kingdom, owned and operated by First Hydro, which is 75% owned by ENGIE;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Coo pumped storage plant (Belgium), where investments are being made to expand its storage facilities in order to increase its installed power by 79 MW;

ENGIE uses the concept of avoided emissions to highlight the decarbonizing nature of its products and services. The Group has developed an internal methodology for calculating avoided emissions and a database of emission factors, which are regularly updated to keep them in line with international standards.

• power battery storage projects in Belgium, the Netherlands and Australia.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, a total amount of €508.2 million was allocated to Eligible Green Projects relating to energy storage. When fully operational, these projects should contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by at least 0.29 million metric tons of CO 2 eq. per year.

For a given customer need (e.g., electricity supply), the emissions avoided by an ENGIE product or service correspond to the difference between the baseline emissions and the emissions of the ENGIE product/service. All emissions are calculated using a life-cycle assessment (LCA) approach. The baseline corresponds to the market average of solutions to which the customer would have had access to meet its need, in the absence of ENGIE. For every ENGIE product generating avoided emissions, the baseline is carefully de ˱ned, in order to build a credible and consistent scenario over time of user behavior by country. In particular, this baseline evolves over time to re˳ect the decarbonization of energy systems.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Avoided emissions can therefore be calculated over the lifetime of an ENGIE asset, or on an annual basis. In the case of green bonds, avoided emissions are calculated on an annual basis, and taken at 100% regardless of the Group’s percentage of ownership of the projects.

With regard to the methodology for calculating the contribution to avoided emissions for energy storage projects, their decarbonizing nature comes from the fact that the assets are charged with electricity when the grid is experiencing low demand (and therefore when the electricity is low-carbon), and discharged during peak periods in demand in order to relieve the grid, when the grid’s electricity is high-carbon. Avoided emissions therefore come from the difference in the network’s emission factors between peak (baseline) and off-peak periods, taking into account losses at the storage asset.

The project’s contribution to avoided emissions is calculated based on one year of operation (full operating mode), taken at 100%, regardless of the Group’s percentage of ownership.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Emission factors are a key component in calculating avoided emissions. ENGIE uses an internal database, which is developed and managed by a dedicated R&D team. It is based on external sources (IPCC guidelines, Ecoinvent, Enerdata, for example).

3. Clean mobility

For renewable electricity generation projects, the baseline corresponds to the average electricity consumption mix of the country in which the project is located, re˳ecting the average of the country’s electricity supply technologies. This baseline is compared with the LCA emissions from the ENGIE asset (solar, wind, hydropower or thermal plant asset consuming decarbonized fuel).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE is strongly committed to working with local authorities, highway concession-holders and companies, to roll out and connect a network of charging stations for electric vehicles that are available and competitive for the bene ˱t of users. The Group has won several tenders in France and Belgium in this fast-growing market.

In 2025, a total amount of €22.7 million was allocated to Eligible Green Projects relating to low-carbon mobility.

For renewable gas projects, the baseline corresponds to the gas mix of the country in which the project is located, including the penetration rate for renewable gases (biomethane and green hydrogen).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For heating network installations, avoided emissions correspond to the difference in emissions between the ENGIE asset and the emissions related to the equivalent production of heat by a stand-alone gas boiler (assuming 90% ef˱ciency).

For clean mobility projects, avoided emissions are calculated by comparing the level of emissions of ENGIE projects with a reference scenario, in this case, the same distance traveled by vehicles representative of the average ˳eet at the project country or regional level, taking into account local decarbonization trends (electri˱cation of part of the ˳eet, the use of greener fuels).

2. Energy storage

4. Transport and distribution networks for renewable gases

Energy storage solutions play a major role in the energy transition and are an essential link in electricity grids. By storing energy produced at times when wind and solar sources are at their most productive, and/or when demand is lowest, they respond to the need to offset the intermittent supply of renewable energy, which represents an increasing proportion of energy production.

Through its networks business lines in France, the Group is pursuing efforts to develop the methanization (anaerobic digestion) of organic waste into renewable gases and to recover them through injection into the gas networks. This relates, in particular, to investments to connect biomethane production units to ENGIE distribution and transport networks.

[Page 330] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

In 2025, a total amount of €139.6 million was allocated to Eligible Green Projects in these areas.

5. Energy ef ˱ciency

Another of the Group’s strategic focuses is the development of high ef ˱ciency energy networks to support the transition to a low-carbon economy.

To calculate the contribution to avoided emissions made by energy ef˱ciency projects (including green buildings), ENGIE evaluates them by multiplying energy savings from the project by the emissions of the energy mix in the country where the project is being developed. Avoided emissions are calculated based on one year of operation (full operating mode), taken at 100%, regardless of the Group’s percentage of ownership of the projects.

In 2025, a total amount of €13.1 million was allocated to Eligible Green Projects relating to energy ef˱ciency.

The breakdown of (re)allocations to the various green bonds in 2025 is described in the following section.

5.3.3.3 Statement of ˱nalized overall allocations

5.3.3.3.1 Green bond FR001400QOL3

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 230.3

North America Flat Run, Horseshoe, Sun Valley United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Asia and Oceania Goorambat Australia

NHPC 250 MW (Khaba) India

Europe Auliever Spain

Aricesti Romania

Wind 92.5

North America Dakota Range III (reallocation), King Plains United States

Europe CN'AIR (reallocation) France

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Hydropower 150.0

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

ENERGY STORAGE

Electricity storage 271.4

North America Battery energy storage systems (BESS) Longhorn, Chillingham, Cachi, Noosa, Circle City United States

Asia and Oceania Pelican Point BESS Australia

Europe Vilvoorde BESS Belgium

First Hydro (pumped hydropower) United Kingdom

CLEAN MOBILITY

Clean mobility 20.8

Europe Electric vehicle charging station contracts France, Belgium

TOTAL 2025 765.0

Amount allocated in 2024 270.0

TOTAL 1,035.0

With regard to the technologies used, the main project subcategories concerned by the allocation are energy storage (31.9%), solar (29.0%), wind (16.3%), hydropower (15.8%) and clean mobility (3.1%).

Allocation of the aforementioned green bond began in 2024 and was completed in 2025. Given the allocations that have already been made, the main geographic areas concerned by the full allocation are Europe and North America, which accounted for 36.8% and 30.6% of the amounts invested, respectively, followed by South America with 21.2%.

[Page 331] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3.3.2 Green bond FR001400TMR8

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 201.9

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

North America Swenson, Long Draw (reallocation) United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Asia and Oceania BKH Malaysia

Europe ENGIE Green (reallocation) France

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Miscellaneous Distributed solar projects France, Italy, Malaysia, Philippines

Wind 92.1

Europe Helga (development) Germany

EMOI, ENGIE Green (incl. reallocation), CN'AIR (reallocation) France

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Hydropower 151.8

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

Europe Small hydro (maintenance) Germany

CNR (development + maintenance), SHEM France

Bioenergy 54.0

Europe DH Burgos Spain

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Biomass boiler for urban heating network Le Mans, Bordeaux (reallocation) France

Złotów + Słupsk Poland

R&I 13.6

ENERGY STORAGE

Electricity storage 75.4

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

North America Castor, Tanzanite Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) United States

Europe Maxima BESS Netherlands

First Hydro (pumped hydropower) United Kingdom

TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION INFRASTRUCTURE

Renewable and low carbon gases 11.2

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Europe Biomethane injection (reallocation) France

TOTAL 600.0

The main geographic areas concerned by the allocation are Europe, North America and South America, which accounted for 45.8%, 26.4% and 22.2% of the amounts invested, respectively.

With regard to the technologies used, the main project subcategories concerned by the allocation are solar (33.7%), hydropower (25.3%), wind (15.4%), energy storage (12.6%) and bioenergy (9.0%).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 332] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3.3.3 Green bond CH1400000027

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 30.6

North America Mt Olive Creek United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Europe Alkern France

Canaletes Spain

Hydropower 17.5

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

Europe CN'AIR Hydro, CNR (maintenance) France

Wind 2.0

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Bioenergy 27.3

Europe Biomass boiler (Thaon Les Vosges) France

Alkmaar Netherlands

Biomass4Heat (Słupsk) Poland

ENERGY STORAGE

Electricity storage 27.3

North America Antlia, Desna Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) United States

TOTAL 104.7

The main geographic areas concerned by the allocation are Europe, North America and South America, which accounted for 40.0%, 34.2% and 24.0% of the amounts invested, respectively.

With regard to the technologies used, the main project subcategories concerned by the allocation are solar (29.2%), energy storage (26.1%), bioenergy (26.1%) and hydropower (16.7%).

[Page 333] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3.3.4 Green bond CH1400000035

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 49.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

North America Ray Ranch, River Ferry, Anson (reallocation) United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Asia and Oceania Lifou, Kota-Obre, Lavaghu, Koumac New Caledonia

Europe Brignais, Montfort France

Hydropower 46.1

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Europe CN'AIR Hydro, CNR (maintenance) France

Wind 65.3

North America Big Sampson United States

Europe Saulnois, Eolis Noroït France

Cerro Cabello Spain

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

San Paolo di Cividate Italy

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Geothermal energy 2.5

Europe Géomy3 France

ENERGY STORAGE

Electricity storage 44.6

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

North America McFadden, Sierra Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) United States

Europe Drogenbos + Kallo, Coo BESS (maintenance) Belgium

CLEAN MOBILITY

Clean mobility 1.9

Europe R&I France

TOTAL 209.4

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

project subcategories concerned by the allocation are wind (31.2%), solar (23.4%), hydropower (22.0%) and energy storage (21.3%).

The main geographic areas concerned by the allocation are Europe, North America and South America, which accounted for 45.0%, 27.1% and 23.4% of the amounts invested, respectively. With regard to the technologies used, the main

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 334] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3.3.5 Green bond FR0013455813

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 21.4

North America Five Wells Solar United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Europe Sablière du Grand Vallon France

Hydropower 18.3

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

Europe CNR (maintenance) France

Wind 14.1

North America Salomon Forks (reallocation) United States

Europe Molau Germany

Opoul France

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Bioenergy 8.9

Europe ENGIE Bioz - St-Brieuc, Hautepierre Strasbourg France

ENERGY STORAGE

Electricity storage 37.3

North America Platinium and Cascade Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) United States

Europe First Hydro (pumped hydropower) United Kingdom

TOTAL 2025 100.0

Amount allocated in 2020 900.0

TOTAL 1,000.0

With regard to the technologies used, the main project subcategories concerned by the full allocation following the contribution made are solar (26.6%), hydropower (26.4%), wind (25.1%) and energy ef ˱ciency (9.4%).

Given the allocations already made in 2020, the main geographical areas concerned by the full allocation following the contribution made are Europe and North America, with 57.9% and 29.4% of the amounts invested, respectively, followed by South America with 10.1%.

[Page 335] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3.3.6 Green bond FR0014012L86

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 271.8

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

North America Anson II, Chillingham, Whithorn (reallocation) United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Asia Khavda 4 (200MW), PTC (RAM), GUVNL (400MW) India

Europe Meridion Cordoba, Sant Miquel Spain

CN'AIR France

Ramacca, Suber Italy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Wind 148.6

North America Triple H (reallocation) United States

Europe Helga (acquisition), Wind ˳oat (reallocation) Germany

Wind˳oat Portugal

Eolis Alizé France

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Hydropower 100.5

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

Europe CNR (maintenance) France

Geothermal and bioenergy 4.3

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Europe Grand Parc Energie, Macon (reallocation), Meudon France

TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION INFRASTRUCTURE

Renewable and low carbon gases 139.6

Europe Biomethane injection France

ENERGY STORAGE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Electricity storage 27.1

North America Carina, Hydra, Tortolas Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) United States

Europe Coo 7.5 Belgium

ENERGY EFFICIENCY

Energy ef ˱ciency 8.1

Europe Heating/cooling distribution, energy performance agreement France, Italy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 700.0

project subcategories concerned by the allocation are solar (38.8%), wind (21.2%), renewable and low-carbon gas transmission and distribution networks (19.9%) and hydropower (14.4%).

The main geographic areas concerned by the allocation are Europe, North America and South America, which accounted for 41.1%, 27.2% and 27.0% of the amounts invested, respectively. With regard to the technologies used, the main

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 336] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.3.3.7 Green bond FR0014013BG2

In millions of euros Projects Country Amount allocated

RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION

Solar 181.2

North America Sypert Branch, Bluestone (reallocation) United States

South America Cruzeiro (acquisition of 5 solar power plants) Brazil

Europe ENGIE Green France

Wind 160.4

North America Las Lomas (reallocation) United States

Europe Cap Esteve, Fitou, Le Cayrol Saint Medard France

Ocean Winds, Goya Spain

Middle East Gulf of Suez II Egypt

Hydropower 80.9

South America Equinox (acquisition of 2 hydropower plants) Brazil

Europe CNR (maintenance) France

Bioenergy 33.4

Europe Biomass boiler (for urban heating network in Rennes, ERENA, Limoges) France

Low carbon H2 12.8

Asia and Oceania Yuri Australia

ENERGY STORAGE

Electricity storage 24.9

North America Avila Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) United States

ENERGY EFFICIENCY

Energy ef ˱ciency 6.4

Europe R&I France

TOTAL 500.0

The main geographic areas concerned by the allocation are Europe, North America and South America, which accounted for 44.7%, 27.7% and 23.2% of the amounts invested, respectively.

In line with the Group’s commitments, a more detailed description of the impacts in terms of avoided emissions and the related methodology is available in the Finance – Green Bonds section of the Group’s website (www.engie.com/en/ ˱nance/credit/green-˱nance).

With regard to the technologies used, the main project subcategories concerned by the allocation are solar (36.2%), wind (32.1%) and hydropower (16.2%).

[Page 337] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

5.3.4 Limited assurance report of one of the statutory auditors on information relating to the allocation, as of December 31, 2025, of funds raised through the Green Bonds issued on June 14, 2024, October 28, 2024, April 11, 2025, July 2, 2025, September 11, 2025, and October 13, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This is a free English translation of the report of one of the statutory auditors issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional standards applicable in France.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To the Chief Executive Of ˱cer,

• September 11, 2025, of €700 million, and

• October 13, 2025, of €1,000 million in two tranches

presented in the attached document entitled “Green Bonds” (the “ GB Issue Agreements" ) ;

In our capacity as statutory auditor of Engie S.A. (the “Company”), and at your request, we have conducted procedures to express a reasoned limited assurance conclusion on the following information (“the Information”):

• the projects ˱nanced by the Issue and identi˱ed as eligible by the Company (“Eligible Projects ").

• the allocation, as of December 31, 2025, of funds raised through the Green Bonds issued on:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• June 14, 2024, of €1,035 million,

• October 28, 2024 of GBP 500 million,

• April 11, 2025, of CHF 300 million in two tranches,

The Information was prepared in the context of the Green Bond issues of June 14, 2024, October 28, 2024, April 11, 2025, July 2, 2025, September 11, 2025, and October 13, 2025 (the “Green Bond Offerings”) and the Framework de˱ned by the entity (“ Green Financing Framework ").

• July 2, 2025, of €100 million,

Limited assurance conclusion

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

We do not express an assurance conclusion on information relating to earlier periods not covered by the GB Issue Agreements or on any other information not included in the Green GB Agreements. We have not reviewed and do not provide any assurance on other individual project information reported.

Based on our procedures as described in the section “Nature and scope of procedures” and the evidence we have obtained, no material misstatements have come to our attention that cause us to believe that the Information has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Green Financing Framework and the preparation basis set out in the section “Preparation of the Information by the Company”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Preparation of the Information by the Company

Consequently, the Information needs to be read and understood together with the Framework, the main items of which are presented on the Company's website.

The absence of a commonly used and generally accepted reporting framework or established practices on which to draw to evaluate and measure the Information allows for different, but acceptable, measurement techniques that can affect comparability between entities and over time.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Responsibility of the Company

Management is responsible for:

• preparing the information in accordance with the GB Issue Agreements and the Green Financing Framework;

• selecting or drawing up appropriate criteria to prepare the Information;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• selecting eligible projects based on eligibility criteria;

• implementing such internal control as it determines is necessary to enable the preparation of Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Responsibility of the statutory auditor

It is our responsibility to:

As it is our responsibility to issue an independent conclusion on the Information prepared by management, we are not authorized to participate in the preparation of the Information, as this could compromise our independence.

• plan and perform the engagement to obtain limited assurance on whether the Information is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;

However, it is not our responsibility to:

• form a reasoned conclusion, based on procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained;

• share our conclusion with Company management.

• challenge the eligibility criteria de ˱ned in the appendix to the GB Issue Agreements and, in particular, provide an interpretation of the terms of the GB Issue Agreements;

• issue an opinion on the effective use of the funds allocated to the Eligible Projects after such funds have been allocated.

[Page 338] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Green bonds

Applicable professional standards

Our procedures were performed in accordance with the professional guidance issued by the French Institute of Statutory Auditors ( Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes or CNCC) relating to this engagement and with ISAE 3000 (revised).

Independence and quality control

ethical requirements and the professional guidance issued by the French Institute of Statutory Auditors ( Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes ) relating to this engagement.

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the French Code of Ethics ( code de déontologie ) for statutory auditors, as well as the provisions set forth in Article L. 821-28 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) and the ethical standards issued by the IESBA (International Ethics Standard Board for Accountants).

Our work was carried out by an independent and multidisciplinary team with experience in sustainable development and corporate social responsibility.

In addition, we have implemented a system of quality control including documented policies and procedures ensuring compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements,

Nature and scope of work

We planned and performed our work taking account of the risk of material misstatement of the Information.

• verifying the total percentage of investments realized under the Eligible Projects ˱nanced by each of issues;

The nature, timing and scope of procedures implemented on the Information is based on our professional judgment, including the assessment of the risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Our procedures consisted in:

• performing, using sample testing or other selection methods, the necessary reconciliations between the information and the underlying accounting books and records and verifying that the information agrees with the data used to prepare the consolidated ˱nancial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2025;

• verifying the consistency of the information concerning funds raised but not allocated.

• obtaining an understanding of the procedures implemented by the Company to determine the information presented in the enclosed document;

• assessing the compliance, in all material respects, of the Eligible Projects referred to in the attached document with the eligibility criteria, by performing substantive procedures using sample testing or other selection methods, as de ˱ned in the appendix to the GB Issue Agreements and the Green Financing Framework;

The procedures conducted in a limited assurance engagement differ in nature and timing from those required to issue a reasonable assurance opinion and are substantially less in scope. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially less than the assurance that would have been obtained had we performed a reasonable assurance engagement.

This report was prepared in the context described above and must not be used, distributed or referred to for any other purpose.

• verifying, using sample testing or other selection methods, the appropriate allocation of the funds raised by the Issues to Eligible Projects and their exclusive allocation to Eligible Projects;

Paris-La Défense, March 6, 2026

One of the statutory auditors

Deloitte & Associés

Nadia Laadouli Laurence Dubois

[Page 339] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Share ownership

5.4 SHARE OWNERSHIP

5.4.1 Stock price

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE SHARE PRICE AND TRADING VOLUMES (PARIS)

2025 High (1) (in euros) Low (1) (in euros) Trading volume (2)

January 16.08 15.31 5,321,249

February 17.39 15.55 6,642,278

March 18.06 16.79 6,797,322

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

April 18.92 17.43 8,312,899

May 18.05 17.63 5,142,198

June 19.93 18.94 4,602,773

July 20.02 19.38 3,598,558

August 19.18 17.69 4,173,228

September 18.41 17.36 3,635,214

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

October 20.35 18.34 4,103,794

November 22.06 20.60 4,884,767

December 22.41 21.41 3,294,395

(1) Daily closing prices. (2) Daily average (source: Bloomberg).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Since deregistering its shares with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission on October 30, 2009, ENGIE has maintained an unlisted Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program on a U.S. stock exchange. These ADRs are traded on the Nasdaq over-the-counter market.

5.4.2 Breakdown of share capital

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.4.2.1 Change in the breakdown of share capital and voting rights

As of December 31, 2025, the Company held 2,435,285,011 shares, including 3,347,486 in treasury stock.

MAJOR CHANGES IN THE ENGIE SHARE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE DURING THE PAST THREE FISCAL YEARS

December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

% of theoretical voting rights (1)

% of share capital

% of theoretical voting rights (1)

% of share capital

% of theoretical voting rights (1)

% of share capital

Number of shares

% of exercisable voting rights

Public 1,654,678,734 67.95 56.79 56.85 67.44 56.44 55.30 47.81

French State 575,693,307 23.64 34.15 34.19 23.64 34.13 23.64 33.80

The Capital Group Companies 152,200,243 6.25 5.04 5.04 6.37 5.06 5.03 3.98

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

BlackRock 143,675,527 5.90 4.47 4.48 5.23 4.00 4.99 3.83

CDC 81,703,888 3.36 3.29 3.29 3.63 3.49 3.63 3.52

Employee share ownership plans 98,128,875 4.03 4.99 4.99 3.92 4.91 3.31 3.99

Treasury stock 3,347,486 0.14 0.10 0.00 0.39 0.29 0.57 0.43

Management NM NM NM NM NM NM NM NM

TOTAL 2,435,285,011 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%

(1) Pursuant to Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations, the number of theoretical voting rights is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached, including shares held by the Group, from which voting rights have been removed.

The Group has more than 622,000 individual shareholders. At December 31, 2025, they held around 199 million shares, or nearly 8.2% of the Company’s share capital.

Pursuant to Article L.233-13 of the French Commercial Code, it is stipulated that, to the best of ENGIE’s knowledge, only the French State, The Capital Group Companies and BlackRock held a stake of more than 5% of the share capital or voting rights at the end of ˱scal year 2025.

[Page 340] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Share ownership

5.4.2.2 Breakdown of shares held directly and indirectly by employees

On December 31, 2025, employees held 98.1 million ENGIE shares, i.e., 4.03% of the share capital and 4.99% of theoretical voting rights within the meaning of paragraph 1 of Article L.225-102 of the French Commercial Code, broken down as follows:

Link France mutual fund (FCPE) 54.9 million

Link International mutual fund (FCPE) 16 million

Direct shareholding formulas 27.2 million

TOTAL SHARES HELD BY EMPLOYEES 98.1 MILLION

5.4.3 Disclosure thresholds

• on November 28, 2025, The Capital Group Companies dropped below the threshold of 5% of ENGIE’s voting rights and held 6.25% of the share capital and 5.05% of the voting rights on that date. This threshold was crossed due to the acquisition of ENGIE shares on the market.

Following the acquisition and disposal of ENGIE shares on the open market and the change in the number of shares held as collateral, BlackRock and The Capital Group Companies made several disclosures that they had exceeded or dropped below the legal threshold of one-twentieth (5%) of the share capital or voting rights.

Finally:

• On March 4, 2026, acting on behalf of the French State, the Agence des Participations de l'Etat dropped below the threshold of one third of ENGIE’s voting rights and held 22.64% of the share capital and 33.08% of the voting rights on that date. This threshold was crossed due to the nonparticipation of the French State in the Company's capital increase carried out on February 27, 2026.

• on February 27, 2026, BlackRock exceeded the threshold of 5% of ENGIE’s voting rights and held 6.79% of the share capital and 5.13% of the voting rights on that date. This threshold was crossed due to ENGIE shares being acquired on and off the market, and an increase in the number of ENGIE shares held as collateral;

To the Company’s knowledge, as of the date of this Universal Registration Document, only the French State, BlackRock and The Capital Group Companies hold share capital and/or voting rights in ENGIE that exceed one of the legal thresholds.

5.4.4 Golden share

All decisions of this nature must be reported to the French Minister of the Economy.

In application of Articles L.111-68 and L.111-69 of the French Energy Code, ENGIE SA’s share capital includes a “golden share” resulting from the conversion of one common share owned by the French State to preserve essential French interests in the energy sector, as regards the continuity and security of the energy supply.

The decisions are deemed to be authorized if the Minister of the Economy does not veto them within one month of the date of their disclosure. This period may be extended for a period of 15 days by order of the Minister of the Economy. Before the expiration of the abovementioned period, the Minister of the Economy may waive its veto rights. If there is a veto, the Minister of the Economy will communicate the reasons of his or her decision to the company in question. The Minister of the Economy’s decision may be appealed.

Pursuant to Article 2 of Decree No. 2019-1071 of October 22, 2019, and Article 3 of Decree No. 93-1296 of December 13, 1993, any transaction executed in violation of these rules is automatically null and void.

Under Articles D.111-20 and D.111-21 of the French Energy Code, the golden share granted to the French State entitles it to veto decisions made by ENGIE SA or its French subsidiaries, which directly or indirectly seek to sell in any form whatsoever, transfer the operation, assign as collateral or guarantee or change the intended use of certain natural gas assets located in France and covered by the French Energy Code, if it considers that such decisions could harm essential French interests in the energy sector, particularly as regards the continuity and security of the energy supply.

The assets covered by the French State’s veto rights include:

• natural gas pipelines located in France;

• assets related to the distribution of natural gas in France;

As of the date of this Universal Registration Document, to the best of ENGIE’s knowledge, there is no agreement relating to an operation on any entity that is a member of the ENGIE Group concerned by these provisions, or any agreement which, if implemented, could lead to a change in its control.

• natural gas underground storage located in France;

• lique ˱ed natural gas facilities located in France.

[Page 341] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Financial reporting schedule

5.4.5 Dividend distribution policy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE strives to achieve a dynamic and attractive dividend distribution policy. The Board of Directors has updated the Group’s dividend policy, which aims to distribute 65% to 75% of net recurring income, Group share, and increased its minimum limit from €0.65 previously to €1.10 per share starting in 2025.

10% mark-up may not exceed, for a single shareholder, 0.5% of the share capital as at the end of the previous ˱scal year. This mark-up and ceiling are the maximum authorized by Article L.232-14 of the French Commercial Code, as set out in Article 26.2 of ENGIE’s bylaws. This measure was applied for the ˱rst time to the dividend payment for ˱scal year 2016.

For 2025, the Board of Directors has therefore proposed to distribute 67% of the net recurring income Group share, i.e., a dividend of €1.35 per share. This proposal will be submitted to the shareholders for approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2026.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s outlook and guidance, presented in Section 6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance , do not constitute under any circumstances a commitment by the Company. Future dividends will be determined on a year-by-year basis depending on the Company’s earnings, ˱nancial position and any other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors in preparing its proposals to the Shareholders’ Meeting.

Furthermore, in order to encourage and reward shareholder loyalty, the Shareholders’ Meeting of April 28, 2014 instituted a 10% dividend mark-up for shareholders who have held their shares in registered form for at least two years. This

DIVIDEND PER SHARE OVER THE LAST FIVE YEARS

Fiscal year (fully paid-up shares) Net dividend per share (in euros)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2020 0.53

2021 0.85

2022 1.40

2023 1.43

2024 1.48

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

After a period of ˱ve years, unclaimed dividends are automatically paid to the French Treasury.

5.4.6 Shareholders’ agreement

At the date of this Universal Registration Document and to the best of ENGIE’s knowledge, there are no shareholders’ agreements nor any agreement whose implementation could lead to a change in control over the Company in place.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.5 FINANCIAL REPORTING SCHEDULE

Publication of 2025 annual earnings and medium-term objectives February 25, 2026

Shareholders’ Meeting April 29, 2026

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Publication of ˱rst-quarter 2026 results May 7, 2026

Publication of 2026 half-year results July 31, 2026

Publication of results for the ˱rst nine months of 2026 November 5, 2026

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 342] Information on the share capital and share ownership

Financial reporting schedule

340 ENGIE — Universal registration document 2025

[Page 343] FINANCIAL INFORMATION

6.1 Review of the ˱nancial position 342

6.4 Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025 475

6.1.1 Management report 342

6.4.1 Parent company ˱nancial statements 475

6.1.2 Capital resources 353

6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements 479

6.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements 354

6.2.1 Consolidated ˱nancial statements 354

6.4.3 Total and partial transfers of assets, subsidiaries and equity investments requiring statutory disclosure 525

6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements 359

6.4.4 Five-year ˱nancial summary 526

6.3 Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements 468

6.5 Statutory auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements 527

[Page 344] Review of the ˱nancial position

6.1 REVIEW OF THE FINANCIAL POSITION

6.1.1 Management report

6.1.1.1 ENGIE full-year 2025 results

Financial performance

ENGIE full-year 2025 results

• Another year of strong results.

• FY2025 results at the upper end of the guidance range, with NRIgs (1) of €4.9 billion.

• Proposed dividend of €1.35 per share for 2025.

• EBIT excluding nuclear: €8.8 billion, up +2.2% organically.

• 2026-2028 mid-term outlook highlighting the Group’s growth pro ˱le.

• Outstanding contribution of €823 million from the performance plan.

• Strong cash generation with CFFO (2) of €13.6 billion.

• Accretive acquisition of UK Power Networks, best-in-class electricity distribution network.

Business highlights

• Solid balance sheet maintained, with net economic debt/EBITDA at 3.1x, stable year‑on‑year and net economic debt down €2.7 billion to €45.2 billion.

• Targets met across the Renewables & BESS businesses, with 57.2 GW of installed capacity at end‑December 2025 and nearly 8 GW under construction.

• Net ˱nancial debt up €5.7 billion to €38.9 billion re˳ecting the cash‑out related to the Belgian nuclear deal.

• Record increase in renewable and battery capacity with 6.2 GW added.

• Proposed dividend of €1.35 per share for 2025, corresponding to a 67% payout ratio.

• ENGIE remains a corporate PPA leader, with 4.8 GW signed.

• For 2026, NRIgs expected between €4.6-5.2 billion.

• Strong contribution from Networks.

• Market conditions stabilization completed.

• Continued progress on our Net Zero 2045 trajectory, with Group‑wide GHG emissions from energy production down 57% to 45 Mt in 2025 vs. 2017.

• Transfer of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 reactors into a joint venture equally owned with the Belgian State and successful reactors restart.

6.1.1.1.1 Key ˱nancial ˱gures at December 31, 2025

In billions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

Revenues 71.9 73.8 -2.5% -0.7%

EBITDA (excluding Nuclear) 13.4 13.4 +0.2% +2.8%

EBITDA 14.7 15.6 -5.4% -3.2%

EBIT (excluding Nuclear) 8.8 8.9 -1.5% +2.2%

Net recurring income, Group share 4.9 5.5 -11.5% -7.3%

Net income, Group share 3.8 4.1 -6.8%

CAPEX (1) 7.9 10.0 -20.3%

Cash Flow From Operations (CFFO) 13.6 13.1 +4.4%

Net ˱nancial debt 38.9 +€5.7 billion versus Dec. 31, 2024

Economic net debt 45.2 -€2.7 billion versus Dec. 31, 2024

Net ˱nancial debt/EBITDA 3.1x stable compared to Dec. 31, 2024

(1) Net of DBSO sell down (Develop, Build, Share & Operate), US tax equity proceeds, including net debt acquired.

6.1.1.1.2 Acquisition of UK Power Networks (UKPN)

ENGIE annouced on February 25, 2026 the signing of an agreement to acquire 100% of UKPN, the best-in-class UK electricity distributor. This marks a major milestone in the

Group’s ambition to become the best energy transition utility by strengthening its position in regulated electricity networks. The acquisition also bolsters the Group’s presence in the UK, which would become its second-largest country in EBIT contribution.

(1) Net recurring income Group share. (2) Cash Flow From Operations: Free Cash Flow before maintenance CAPEX and nuclear phase-out expenses.

[Page 345] Review of the ˱nancial position

6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance

Outlook and 2026-2028 Guidance illustrating ENGIE’s new growth pro ˱le

The objectives for the ˱nancial years ending December 31, 2026, 2027 and 2028 presented below are based on data, assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Group at the date of publication of this document.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE expects to achieve a net recurring income Group share of between €4.6 billion and €5.2 billion in 2026, compared with the previously announced range of €4.2 billion to €4.8 billion, re ˳ecting the integration of UKPN from July 1 and asset portfolio adjustment. EBIT excluding nuclear is expected to be in an indicative range of €8.7 billion to €9.7 billion (compared with €8.2 billion to €9.2 billion previously).

2026-2028 Outlook

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These data and assumptions may change or be modi˱ed as a result of uncertainties relating to the ˱nancial, accounting, competitive, regulatory and tax environments, or other factors of which the Group is not aware at the date of registration of this document. Furthermore, the realization of forecasts depends on the success of the Group's strategy. Consequently, the Group neither undertakes nor gives any guarantee that the forecasts set out in this section will be achieved.

The objectives presented below and underlying assumptions have also been established in accordance with the provisions of Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980, a supplement to Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129, and the ESMA recommendations on forecasts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As of 2026, in line with the announced trajectory, the Group will enter a new phase of sustainable earnings growth, driven by the contribution of its investments including in power distribution networks, its performance plan, and despite soft energy market conditions and unfavorable foreign exchange assumptions. The Group also expects a lower effective tax rate over the period. By 2028, recurring net income Group share is therefore expected to reach a level between €5.2 billion and €5.8 billion. EBIT excluding nuclear is expected to be in an indicative range of €10.3 billion to €11.3 billion.

These objectives result from the budget and medium-term plan processes described in Note 13 to the consolidated ˱nancial statements; they have been established on a basis comparable to historical ˱nancial information and in accordance with the accounting policies applied to the Group's consolidated ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 described in the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE’s outlook for 2026-2028 is as follows:

In billions of euros 2026 2027 2028

EBIT excluding nuclear (new) 8.7 – 9.7 9.8 – 10.8 10.3 – 11.3

EBIT excluding nuclear (previous) 8.2 – 9.2 9.0 – 10.0 N/A

NRIgs guidance (new) 4.6 – 5.2 4.9 – 5.5 5.2 – 5.8

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NRIgs guidance (previous) 4.2 – 4.8 4.4 – 5.0 N/A

Assumptions

• UKPN:

The assumptions used are as follows:

• UKPN acquisition:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• guidance and indications based on continuing operations;

– closing of the transaction end of June 2026,

• no change in accounting policies;

– execution of the ˱nding & disposals plan,

• no major regulatory or macro-economic changes;

– provisional accounting principles conversion and purchase price allocation to acquired assets and liabilities.

• tax based on current legal texts and additional contingencies;

• full pass through of supply costs in French B2C retail tariffs;

• average temperature in France;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

UKPN Contribution (1) including funding considerations (2) 2026 2027 2028

• average hydro, wind, and solar production;

• average forex:

RNRpg indication RNRpg indication RNRpg indication

• €/USD: 1.18 – 1.20 – 1.21 for 2026-27-28,

• €/BRL: 6.38 for 2026-27-28,

€0.2 to 0.4 billion €0.3 to 0.5 billion €0.4 to 0.6 billion

• €/GBP: 0.88, 0.89 and 0.90 for 2026-27-28;

• market commodity prices as of December 31, 2025;

(1) Contribution to ENGIE's ˶nancial statements. (2) Funding considerations re˸ect the combined effects of transaction ˶nancing, supplemented by targeted disposals and selective CAPEX reductions to support the ˶nancing of the transaction.

• recurring net ˱nancial costs increasing -€2.2-2.4 billion in 2026 to -€2.6-2.9 billion in 2028;

• recurring effective tax rate (including special tax in France): 20-23%;

[Page 346] Review of the ˱nancial position

6.1.1.1.4 Proposed dividend of €1.35 per share for 2025

In December, in Chile, ENGIE disconnected three units of the Mejillones coal‑ ˱red power plant, two of which had been operating for nearly 30 years. The Group has therefore withdrawn 711 MW of coal-˱red capacity and has begun converting the third unit at this site to natural gas (377 MW) to enhance grid ˳exibility and support system reliability.

For 2025, the Board has proposed a dividend of €1.35 per share, corresponding to a payout ratio of 67% of net recurring income Group share, based on the current number of shares, that will be submitted for shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2026.

6.1.1.1.5 Strong execution of the strategic plan

In the fourth quarter, the Group completed the divestment of its gas-˱red generation and desalination assets in Kuwait and Bahrain, adding to the disposals earlier in the year of a CCGT plant in Pakistan and a 15.7% stake in the Sa˱ power plant in Morocco.

Renewable & Flex Power

Networks

In 2025, ENGIE’s installed renewable and BESS capacity increased by 6.2 GW, including 2.4 GW in the United States, 1.6 GW in Europe, 1.6 GW in Latin America and 0.6 GW in AMEA. As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s total renewable and storage capacity stood at 57.2 GW, while the 90 projects under construction represent a total capacity of 7.9 GW. ENGIE also signed 4.8 GW of Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), an increase of 11% versus 2024.

In 2025, ENGIE commissioned the ˱rst 334 km section of the Asa Branca transmission network in Bahia, a strategic infrastructure that will ultimately span more than 1,000 km across the states of Bahia, Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo. The Group is also progressing with the Graúna project, which includes the construction of 780 km of electricity transmission lines between Paraná and Santa Catarina, as well as the remaining 660 km of the Asa Branca project. ENGIE has also received authorization to operate the brown˱eld section of the Graúna project in Brazil, awarded during the 2024 tender process. This section includes two substations and four transmission lines totalling 162 km. By 2030, the Group con˱rms its objective of having 10,000 km of transmission lines in operation, mainly in Latin America.

ENGIE continued to advance in the biomethane sector in France, with annual production capacity reaching 14.5 TWh connected to ENGIE’s networks, an increase of 1.5 TWh compared with 2024. ENGIE maintains its objective of reaching 50 TWh/year of biomethane production capacity connected to ENGIE’s networks in France by 2030.

In 2025, ENGIE continued to roll out its renewable and ˳exibility assets. In Belgium, the Group commissioned the Vilvoorde battery park, with a total capacity of 200 MW/800 MWh. In India, the Group was awarded its ˱rst battery storage project (BESS), with a capacity of 280 MW, making it the second‑largest battery project in ENGIE’s global portfolio. In Chile, ENGIE launched a battery project on the former Mejillones coal site (140 MW/802 MWh), supporting the site’s conversion and strengthening the ˳exibility of the Chilian electricity system. In Brazil, the Group commissioned the Serra do Assuruá onshore wind complex (846 MW) in the state of Bahia, its largest onshore wind project worldwide. In the Middle East, ENGIE reached a signi˱cant milestone with the signing of a 1.5 GW solar PPA for the Khazna project in Abu Dhabi.

Local Energy Infrastructure

The Group con˱rms its target of reaching 95 GW of installed renewable and storage capacity by 2030, supported by a 121 GW pipeline at end‑December 2025, up 6 GW from end‑December 2024.

Data centers

Local Energy Infrastructures continued its growth momentum in 2025, reaching €9.5 billion in order intake. The development of district heating and cooling networks accelerated, with 56 new networks and 32 amendments, bringing the portfolio to 372 operated networks today, along with a strong pipeline of ongoing projects, in line with the target of 550 networks by 2030.

On site decarbonization solutions for industry also continued to advance, with nearly 200 industrial sites now covered across Europe.

ENGIE has key advantages to support the rapid expansion of data centers: it can use its existing asset base and strong local presence to speed access to energy; it can quickly deliver additional capacity through its existing global pipeline of renewable and battery projects; and it can sustainably optimize the energy competitiveness of the tech and data centers sector through its recognized expertise in supply and energy management.

Finally, more than 1,300 Energy Performance Contracts were won in 2025 in the Buildings segment, con ˱rming the strong momentum of energy ef˱ciency solutions and their growing contribution to the low carbon transition.

Capital allocation

Building on these, the Group has set its 2030 goals: 3 to 4 GW of co‑located data centers supported by a 6 GW pipeline as of end of 2025, enabling 5 GW of renewable and battery projects and 50 TWh of power delivered to the tech and data centers sector.

Gas generation

In 2025, gross capex amounted to €7.9 billion. Net growth capex amounted to €5.2 billion, down compared to last year, mainly due to project delays in the US. More than 75% was allocated to Renewable & Flex Power and Networks.

Performance plan

ENGIE successfully commissioned its new combined‑cycle gas turbine (CCGT) plant in Flémalle, providing Belgium with an additional 875 MW of electricity generation capacity. The facility will be used mainly to meet peak demand and to balance the grid.

ENGIE maintained its operational excellence momentum in 2025 with a contribution of €823 million from the performance plan. These outstanding results re ˳ect the recovery of the Group’s underperforming activities, as anticipated, as well as acceleration of the Group’s competitiveness and improved ef˱ciency of support functions.

[Page 347] Review of the ˱nancial position

6.1.1.1.6 Nuclear in Belgium

In the same year, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions related to energy production reached 45 million tons, representing a 57% decrease compared to 2017. This signi ˱cant reduction directly results from the Group’s strategy to strongly develop renewable energies and optimize its portfolio of gas-˱red power plants worldwide.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In Belgium, ENGIE successfully completed works related to the lifetime extension of Tihange 3 and Doel 4, which were reconnected to the grid on July 10, 2025 and on October 8, 2025, respectively. This milestone triggered the payment to the Belgian State of the second and ˱nal instalment related to the transfer of responsibility for nuclear waste and spent fuel. The two extended units are now operated within a joint venture owned equally by the Belgian State and ENGIE, under a quasi‑regulated framework.

In parallel, the share of renewable energy in ENGIE’s total power generation capacity increased from 43% at the end of 2024 to 50% at the end of December 2025, mainly due to the addition of renewable capacity throughout the year and the phase-out of thermal generation capacity.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In line with Belgium’s progressive nuclear phase‑out calendar, the Doel 1, Tihange 1 and Doel 2 reactors were permanently shut down on February 14, 2025, September 30, 2025, and November 30, 2025, respectively.

Regarding gender diversity target, ENGIE had 33% women in management positions at the end of 2025, another increase compared to the previous year. The Group continues to implement action plans to achieve the objective of managerial parity of 40% to 60% between women and men.

6.1.1.1.8 Health and safety

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, ENGIE continued the rollout of its global transformation program, ENGIE One Safety, whose ambition is to permanently eliminate serious and fatal accidents. This year, efforts focused on two key levers: the deployment of the One Safety Tool digital platform and targeted management of risks related to our activities, alongside both employees and subcontractors.

The triennial process for revising dismantling provisions, led by the CPN, is still ongoing. As part of this process, ONDRAF has issued a report indicating a signi˱cant increase in the estimated costs of future work – including the associated contingency margins – compared with the previous estimates used by the CPN in 2022. ENGIE considers that, based on the experience gained over the past three years during the shutdown of several units and the in-depth work carried out over the period, there is, from an industrial standpoint, little basis justi˱cation for an upward adjustment of these estimates. Discussions with the authorities are ongoing, with the CPN expected to ˱nalize its comments during the ˱rst half of April. The provisions at year-end 2025 are based on the assumptions of the 2022 revision.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Despite these advances, one person lost their life in 2025 while working for one of the Group’s subcontractors. This incident is a stark reminder that achieving zero fatality remains an absolute priority for 2026.

6.1.1.1.7 Signi ˱cant progress in ESG objectives

In 2025, line with its commitments, the Group completed its exit from coal in Continental Europe.

In addition, ENGIE succeeded in stabilizing the number of lost‑time accident in an environment of heightened risk exposure. The lost‑time injury rate stood at 1.7 at end‑2025, unchanged from 2024.

6.1.1.1.9 Full-year 2025 ˱nancial review

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Revenues

Revenues at €71.9 billion was down 2.5% on a gross basis and down 0.7% on an organic basis.

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

Renewable & Flex Power 9,860 10,398 -5.2% -0.8%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Infrastructures 16,823 16,136 +4.3% +6.1%

Supply & Energy Management 42,495 44,717 -5.0% -4.1%

Others 2,226 2,492 -10.7% -1.4%

TOTAL REVENUES (EXCLUDING NUCLEAR) 71,405 73,744 -3.2% -1.3%

Nuclear 539 68 ND ND

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL REVENUES 71,944 73,812 -2.5% -0.7%

EBITDA

EBITDA at €14.7 billion was down 5.4% on a gross basis and down 3.2% on an organic basis .

EBITDA (ex. Nuclear) at €13.4 billion was up 0.2% on a gross basis and up 2.8% on an organic basis.

EBIT

EBIT (ex. Nuclear) stood at €8.8 billion, down 1.5% on a gross basis and up 2.2% organically.

• Scope: a negative net effect of €157 million notably due to the disposal of 15.66% in Sa ˱ (Morocco), as well as the disposal of Senoko (Singapore) and Uch (Pakistan).

• Foreign exchange: negative net impact of €169 million mainly due to the depreciation of the Brazilian real and US dollar.

• French temperatures: the temperature effect provided a positive year-on-year variation of €43 million across Networks, BtoC and BtoB.

[Page 348] Review of the ˱nancial position

EBIT CONTRIBUTION BY ACTIVITY

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

Renewable & Flex Power 3,577 3,695 -3.2% +3.3%

Renewables & BESS 2,485 2,391 +3.9% +6.2%

Gas generation 1,093 1,303 -16.2% -2.9%

Infrastructures 3,536 2,921 +21.1% +24.0%

Networks 3,054 2,430 +25.7% +28.8%

Local Energy Infrastructures 482 491 -1.7% +0.4%

Supply & Energy Management 2,357 3,010 -24.0% -23.7%

One BtoC 525 707 -25.7% -26.8%

One BtoB 1,200 1,080 +11.1% +12.2%

Energy Management 632 1,315 -51.9% -51.6%

Others (714) (823) +13.3% +15.0%

TOTAL EBIT EX. NUCLEAR 8,757 8,893 -1.5% +2.2%

Nuclear 714 1,448 -50.7% -50.7%

TOTAL EBIT 9,471 10,341 -8.4% -5.5%

ACTIVITY/GEOGRAPHY MATRIX

In millions of euros France Rest of Europe Latin America North America AMEA Others Dec. 31, 2025

Renewable & Flex Power 635 635 1,253 736 402 (84) 3,577

Renewables & BESS 468 444 895 664 96 (82) 2,485

Gas generation 167 191 358 72 306 (1) 1,093

Infrastructures 2,463 346 739 (5) 43 (51) 3,536

Networks 2,155 204 739 (5) (3) (36) 3,054

Local Energy Infrastructures 308 142 - - 46 (14) 482

Supply & Energy Management 829 1,262 72 154 71 (33) 2,357

Others 13 (3) - (83) 6 (647) (714)

EBIT EX. NUCLEAR 3,941 2,241 2,064 803 523 (814) 8,757

Nuclear 355 359 - - - - 714

TOTAL EBIT 4,296 2,600 2,064 803 523 (814) 9,471

In millions of euros France Rest of Europe Latin America North America AMEA Others Dec. 31, 2024

Renewable & Flex Power 960 668 1,208 403 515 (60) 3,695

Renewables & BESS 594 505 915 345 93 (60) 2,391

Gas generation 366 163 294 58 422 - 1,303

Infrastructures 1,809 361 759 (10) 67 (64) 2,921

Networks 1,520 195 759 (10) (3) (30) 2,430

Local Energy Infrastructures 289 166 - - 70 (34) 491

Supply & Energy Management 1,771 1,172 55 133 6 (36) 3,101

Others 8 (8) (2) (162) (2) (657) (823)

EBIT EX. NUCLEAR 4,548 2,193 2,020 364 585 (817) 8,893

Nuclear 423 1,025 - - - - 1,448

TOTAL EBIT 4,971 3,218 2,020 364 585 (817) 10,341

[Page 349] Review of the ˱nancial position

RENEWABLE & FLEX POWER

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

EBITDA 4,962 4,903 +1.2% +6.2%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT 3,577 3,695 -3.2% +3.3%

Renewables & BESS 2,485 2,391 +3.9% +6.2%

Gas generation 1,093 1,303 -16.2% -2.9%

OPERATIONAL KPIS

Renewable & BESS

Capacity additions (GW at 100%) 6.2 5.1 1.1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Hydro volumes – France (TWh at 100%) 14.6 18.4 (3.9)

CNR – achieved prices (in euros/MWh) (1) 108.0 104.0 +4.0%

Gas Generation

Average captured CSS Europe (in euros/MWh) 24 42 -43.0%

Load factor Europe (in %) 25.0 19.0 +5 pts

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Internal unplanned unavailability (in %) 3.7 3.7 -

(1) Before hydro tax on CNR.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT from Gas generation activities decreased organically by 2.9%, re ˳ecting lower captured spreads in Europe and a high comparison base. This trend was partially offset by a favorable price effect internationally, particularly in Australia, Chile and Peru, by the end of the inframarginal tax in France, and positive one‑offs.

EBIT from Renewables & BESS activities recorded an organic growth of 6.2%, driven by the contribution from newly commissioned assets in North America, Latin America and Europe, as well as improved operational performance. In Europe, the decline in volumes due to less favorable hydrology in France compared with the exceptionally high levels seen in 2024 was partially offset by the reduction of the CNR tax in France.

NETWORKS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

EBITDA 5,914 5,291 +11.8% +13.4%

EBIT 3,536 2,921 +21.1% +24.0%

Networks 3,054 2,430 +25.7% +28.8%

Local Energy Infrastructures 482 491 -1.7% +0.4%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

OPERATIONAL KPIS

Networks

French RAB (in billions of euros) vs. Dec. 2024 32.1 32.1 -

Power transmission network length (in km) vs. Dec. 2024 5,892 5,439 453

Local Energy Infrastructures

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT margin +5.5% +5.5% -5 bps

EBIT from Networks increased organically by 28.8%, driven by the positive impact of new tariffs in France and Europe, improved operational performance and, to a lesser extent, colder weather conditions in France and Europe. In Latin America, EBIT was supported by tariff indexation in Brazil and Mexico, as well as by the construction and commissioning of electricity transmission lines in Brazil.

EBIT from Local Energy Infrastructures recorded slight organic growth of 0.4%, showing an improvement compared with the ˱rst nine months of 2025. EBIT bene˱ted from better operational performance, cost reductions, selective development of new projects and a favorable climate effect, with colder temperatures in 2025 supporting district heating sales. These factors helped offset the decline in spreads captured by cogeneration assets due to the anticipated normalization of market prices.

[Page 350] Review of the ˱nancial position

SUPPLY AND ENERGY MANAGEMENT

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

EBITDA 2,824 3,599 +21.5% +21.0%

EBIT 2,357 3,101 +24.0% +23.7%

One BtoC 525 707 -25.7% +26.8%

One BtoB 1,200 1,080 +11.1% +12.2%

Energy Management 632 1,315 -51.9% -51.6%

EBIT in One BtoC activities decreased organically by 26.8%, mainly due to an exceptionally high comparison base last year, linked to non‑recurring items and favorable timing effects. This decline was partially offset by strong commercial margins in Europe in a market environment that allows for the full valuation of risk costs, as well as by the continued impact of performance actions.

EBIT in Energy Management decreased organically by 51.6%. This decline mainly re ˳ects the continued normalization of market conditions, a lower level of market reserve releases than in 2024 and weaker activity in 2025 due to geopolitical and economic uncertainty, as well as a negative one‑off related to gas transportation costs in Austria and the Netherlands in the ˱rst half of 2025. Conversely, in 2024, EBIT bene˱ted from a positive one‑off linked to the renegotiation of gas contracts.

One BtoB EBIT increased organically by 12.2%, driven by favorable one-off effects, as well a very strong commercial momentum, with margin levels in line with expectations, while the positive impact of contracts historically secured on favorable terms continued, though at a slightly lower level than in 2024.

NUCLEAR

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis) % change (organic basis)

EBITDA 1,318 2,174 -39.3% -39.3%

EBIT 714 1,448 -50.7% -50.7%

OPERATIONAL KPIS

Output (BE + FR, @ share, TWh) 23.4 31.5 -26.0%

Availability (Belgium at 100%) +79.0% +86.2% -720 bps

EBIT in Nuclear recorded an organic decline of 50.7% in 2025, mainly due to a negative volume effect linked to the shutdown during the year of Doel 1, Tihange 1 and Doel 2, as well as the conformity outages of Tihange 3 and Doel 4 in the second and third quarters of 2025 respectively, prior to their contribution to the joint venture 50%-owned by ENGIE. This decrease also re ˳ects lower captured prices in Europe.

Comparable basis organic growth analysis

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported/organic basis)

Revenues 71,944 73,812 -2.5%

Scope effect (71) (716) -

Exchange rate effect - (720) -

Comparable data 71,873 72,376 -0.7%

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported/organic basis)

EBITDA 14,733 15,566 -5.4%

Scope effect (76) (201) -

Exchange rate effect - (220) -

Comparable data 14,657 15,145 -3.2%

[Page 351] Review of the ˱nancial position

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported/organic basis)

EBIT 9,471 10,341 -8.4%

Scope effect (35) (191) -

Exchange rate effect - (169) -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Comparable data 9,436 9,980 -5.5%

• the Y-1 data are corrected by removing the contributions of entities transferred during the Y-1 period or prorata temporis for the number of months after the transfer in Y;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the Y-1 data are converted at the exchange rate for the period Y;

The calculation of organic growth aims to present comparable data both in terms of the exchange rates used to convert the ˱nancial statements of foreign companies and in terms of contributing entities (consolidation method and contribution in terms of comparable number of months). Organic growth in percentage terms represents the ratio between the data for the current year (Y) and the previous year (Y-1) restated as follows:

• the Y data are corrected with the Y acquisition data or prorata temporis for the number of months prior to the Y-1 acquisition.

Other income statement items

The reconciliation between EBIT and Net income/(loss) is presented below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 % change (reported basis)

EBIT 9,471 10,341 -8.4%

(+) Mark-to-Market on commodity contracts other than trading instruments 29 (309)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Non-recurring share in net income of equity method entities (386) (212)

Current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities 9,113 9,820 -7.2%

Impairment losses (778) (709)

Restructuring costs (303) (369)

Changes in scope of consolidation 217 439

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other non-recurring items 42 (151)

Income/(loss) from operating activities 8,291 9,030 -8.2%

Net ˱nancial income/(loss) (1,973) (1,842)

Income tax bene˱t/(expense) (1,570) (2,215)

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 4,748 4,973

Net recurring income/(loss), Group share 4,896 5,531

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net recurring income/(loss) Group share per share 1.96 2.25

Net income/(loss) Group share 3,827 4,106

Non-controlling interests 921 867

The reconciliation between Net recurring income/(loss) Group share and Net income/(loss) Group share is presented below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Net recurring income/(loss), Group share 4,896 5,531

Impairment losses (778) (709)

Restructuring costs (303) (369)

Changes in scope of consolidation 217 439

Other non-recurring items 42 (151)

Mark-to-Market on commodity contracts other than trading instruments 29 (309)

Non recurring net ˱nancial income/(loss) 26 66

Non recurring income tax bene˱t/(expense) 76 (181)

Other (377) (211)

Net income/(loss) Group share 3,827 4,106

[Page 352] Review of the ˱nancial position

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Financial net debt 38,902 33,223

Net income from operating activities amounted to €8.3 billion (see Note 9 Other items of net income/(loss) from operating activities).

EBITDA 14,733 15,566

Adjusted for non-recurring items, net ˱nancial loss stood at ‑€2.0 billion in 2025, with no major change compared to December 31, 2024 (-€1.9 billion).

FINANCIAL NET DEBT/ EBITDA RATIO 2.64 2.13

The income tax expense for 2025 amounted to €1.6 billion (versus an income tax expense of €2.2 billion in 2024).

Economic net debt stood at €45.2 billion, down €2.7 billion compared to December 31, 2024.

Adjusted for these non-recurring items, the recurring effective tax rate was 25.5% at December 31, 2025, compared with 27.6% at December 31, 2024.

The economic net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 3.1x, stable compared to December 31, 2024, and in line with the target ratio below or equal to 4.0x.

Net recurring income Group share amounted to €4.9 billion in 2025 compared to €5.5 billion in 2024.

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Net income Group share amounted to €3.8 billion, down €0.3 billion compared to 2024.

Economic net debt 45,182 47,874

EBITDA 14,733 15,566

6.1.1.1.10 Maintaining a solid balance sheet

Changes in ˱nancial net debt

ECONOMIC NET DEBT/ EBITDA RATIO 3.07 3.08

Financial net debt stood at €38.9 billion, up €5.7 billion compared to December 31, 2024. This increase was mainly driven by:

Ratings

• S&P: BBB+/A-2, Stable outlook;

• capital expenditure over the period of €7.9 billion;

• Moody’s: Baa1/P-2, Stable outlook;

• dividends paid to ENGIE SA shareholders and to non-controlling interests of €4.5 billion;

• Fitch: BBB+/F1, Stable outlook.

• funding and expenses related to nuclear in Belgium totaling €8.4 billion.

Cash Flow From Operations amounted to €13.6 billion, up €0.6 billion compared 2024. This very strong level re ˳ects the strength of the Group’s economic model.

This was partially offset by CFFO of €13.6 billion and other items, amounting to €1.5 billion.

The ˱nancial net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 2.6x, up 0.5x compared to December 31, 2024.

Working Capital Requirement was positive at €1.4 billion, with a positive year-on-year variation of €1.6 billion notably due to the impact of margin calls (+€0.8 billion) and the positive cash effect from the progressive phase out of nuclear activities (+€0.6 billion).

The Group maintained a strong level of liquidity at €21.6 billion as at December 31, 2025, including €15.3 billion of cash (1) .

Other items of the statement of ˱nancial position

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Net change

Non-current assets 110,855 110,185 671

Of which goodwill 13,110 13,291 (181)

Of which property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net 73,418 72,352 1,066

Of which derivative instruments 5,347 6,689 (1,341)

Of which investments in equity method entities 7,192 8,373 (1,180)

Current assets 58,394 79,359 (20,965)

Of which trade and other payables 13,573 16,173 (2,600)

Of which derivative instruments 6,120 6,366 (247)

Of which assets classi ˶ed as held for sale 388 1,248 (859)

Total equity 40,830 41,458 (628)

Total liabilities excluding equity 128,419 148,086 (19,917)

Provisions 17,968 33,621 (15,652)

Borrowings 54,568 52,006 2,562

Derivative instruments 12,001 13,646 (1,645)

Other liabilities 43,882 48,812 (4,930)

Of which liabilities directly associated with assets classi ˶ed as held for sale 310 560 (250)

(1) Cash and cash equivalents plus liquid debt instruments held for cash investment purposes minus bank overdrafts.

[Page 353] Review of the ˱nancial position

Group’s ˱nancial and ESG criteria. The contribution of new investments, including distribution networks, to EBIT over 2026-2028 is expected to range between €2.7-3.1 billion.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets amounted to €73.4 billion, up €1.0 billion compared with December 31, 2024. This change was primarily the result of investments over the period (positive €8.8 billion), partially offset by depreciation and amortization (negative €5.2 billion) and translation adjustments (negative €2.3 billion, mainly concerning the US dollar) (see Note 13 Fixed assets).

ENGIE will strengthen further performance by improving the ef ˱ciency of support functions, accelerating its competitiveness and, to a lesser extent, turning around activities where performance is lagging. The Group is targeting a positive EBIT impact of between €0.8-1.0 billion over 2026-2028 from these measures.

Goodwill amounted to €13.1 billion, stable compared with December 31, 2024 (see Note 13 Fixed assets).

Investments in equity method entities amounted to €7.2 billion, down compared to December 31, 2024.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group will keep improving its risk pro ˱le, with EBIT becoming less exposed to energy prices. By 2028, ENGIE expects 67% of its EBIT to be either regulated or contracted on a long‑term basis, compared with 42% in 2024 and 55% in 2025.

Total equity amounted to €40.8 billion, down by €0.6 billion compared with December 31, 2024. This decline was mainly due to other comprehensive income (negative €2.3 billion, mainly relating to translation adjustments for the period, chie ˳y concerning the US dollar) and distributed dividends (negative €4.4 billion), partially offset by net income for the period (positive €4.7 billion) and the impact of transactions between owners (positive €1.0 billion).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Provisions amounted to €18.3 billion, strongly down compared with December 31, 2024 (see Note 17 Provisions).

ENGIE plans to divest around €6 billion of assets over the 2026-2028 period, including about €4 billion in the context of the UKPN acquisition. This disposal plan will remain fully consistent with the strategy of the Group, with all decisions based on strategic ˱t, capacity to deliver synergies & value creation. ENGIE furthermore intends to raise up to €3 billion equity through an accelerated book building (ABB) and a mix of senior debt and hybrid bonds for a total of about €5 billion.

6.1.1.1.11 Capital allocation and medium‑term performance

The Group continues to target a “strong investment grade” credit rating and a net economic debt‑to‑EBITDA ratio ≤4.0x over the long term.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE con ˱rms its dividend policy , with a payout ratio between 65% and 75% of the Group's recurring net income and a ˳oor of €1.10 per share.

ENGIE plans between €34 billion and €38 billion of gross CAPEX over 2026-2028. Around 90% of these investments will be dedicated to renewables, batteries and infrastructure. Capital allocation is based on strict discipline, in line with the

EBIT evolution

The main drivers of EBIT evolution between 2026 and 2028, by activity, are as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewables & Flex Power Infrastructures Supply & Energy Management

2021 2025 2028

EBIT 2025-28 drivers 2025-28 drivers 2025-28 drivers EBIT

EBIT

(excl. Nuclear)

(excl. Nuclear) (excl. Nuclear indication)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

€5.2 bn €8.8 bn €10.3 to €11.3 bn

Growth Performance actions BtoB: phasing out of Contracts locked-in at high margins BtoB: no positive one-off in 2026 as compared to 2025

Acquisition of UKPN Contribution of investments Performance actions Inlated RAB and tariff indexations FX

Investments contribution in renewables and batteries Performance actions Lower prices FX Portfolio rationalization for international CCGTs

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT 2028 EBIT 2028

EBIT 2028

Renewables & BESS

Power Networks

BtoC

2.8-3.2

1.6-1.8

0.5-0.7

Gas generation

Gas Networks

BtoB

3.0-3.2

1.0-1.2

~0.6

Local Energy Infrastructures

Energy Management

0.5-0.9

~ 0.6

[Page 354] Review of the ˱nancial position

6.1.1.2 Parent company ˱nancial statements

The ˱gures provided below relate to the ˱nancial statements of ENGIE SA, prepared in accordance with French GAAP and applicable regulations.

The income tax bene˱t amounted to €459 million, versus an income tax bene˱t of €412 million at the end of the previous year, including a tax consolidation bene˱t of €499 million.

Net income for the year came in at €1,793 million.

Revenues for ENGIE SA in 2025 totaled €35,078 million, a decrease compared to 2024 (€40,805 million) on the gas and electricity market.

The company reported a net operating gain of €27 million in 2025, a sharp decrease of -€739 million compared with a loss of €766 million in 2024.

Shareholders’ equity amounted to €27,538 million compared with €29,372 million at the end of 2024. The -€1,834 million decrease was mainly due to the 2025 net income of €1,793 million, and to the 2024 ˱scal year dividend payment of -€3,597 million.

Information relating to payment terms

Net ˱nancial income amounted to €1,322 million, an increase compared to 2024, but lower once the presentation changes resulting from the application of the new Modernization of Financial Statements (MEF) conventions are adjusted for, due to signi˱cant reversals of impairments on equity investments in 2024 following the agreement on nuclear operations in Belgium.

Pursuant to Articles L.441-14 and D.441-6 of the French Commercial Code, companies whose annual ˱nancial statements are subject to a statutory audit must publish information regarding supplier and customer payment terms. The purpose is to demonstrate that there is no signi˱cant failure to comply with such terms.

Non-recurring items include exceptional income, which was negative this year at -€15 million.

INFORMATION RELATING TO SUPPLIER AND CUSTOMER PAYMENT TERMS MENTIONED IN ARTICLES L.441-10 TO L.441-16 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE

Articles L.441-10 to L.441-16: Invoices received, unpaid and overdue at the reporting date Articles L.441-10 to L.441-16: Invoices issued, unpaid and overdue at the reporting date

In millions of euros

0 day (indicative) 1 to 30 days

31 to 60 days

61 to 90 days 91 days or more

Total (1 day or more) 0 day (indicative) 1 to 30 days

31 to 60 days

61 to 90 days 91 days or more

Total (1 day or more)

(A) BY AGING CATEGORY

Number of invoices - 11,317 6,085,971

Aggregate invoice amount (incl. VAT) - 6.3 4.4 - 371.2 381.9 12.4 92.9 35.7 808.5 949.5

Percentage of total amount of purchases (incl. VAT) for the period - 0.02% 0.01% 0.00% 0.93% 0.95%

Percentage of total revenues (incl. VAT) for the period 0.03% 0.22% 0.09% 1.95% 2.29%

(B) INVOICES EXCLUDED FROM (A) RELATING TO DISPUTED OR UNRECOGNIZED RECEIVABLES AND PAYABLES

Number of excluded invoices 425 50

Aggregate amount of excluded invoices (10.8) -

(C) STANDARD PAYMENT TERMS USED (CONTRACTUAL OR LEGAL TERMS – ARTICLE L.441-6 OR ARTICLE L.443-1 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE)

Payment terms used to calculate late payments Contractual payment terms: 14 days

Legal payment terms: 30 days Legal payment terms: 30 days

[Page 355] Review of the ˱nancial position

6.1.2 Capital resources

6.1.2.1 Borrowing conditions and ˱nancial structure applicable to the issuer

6.1.2.1.1 Debt structure

6.1.2.1.2 Main transactions in 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The main transactions performed in 2025 affecting net ˱nancial debt are described in Note 14.3.3 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

In July 2025, the Group exercised its second option to extend the €4.5 billion syndicated credit facility re˱nanced in September 2023, thus extending its maturity to September 30, 2030.

Gross debt, excluding bank overdrafts, amortized cost and ˱nancial derivative instruments amounted to €50.1 billion at the end of 2025, up from year-end 2024. It was primarily composed of €35.3 billion in bond issues and €7.1 billion in bank borrowings. Other borrowings and drawdowns on credit lines accounted for a total of €2.0 billion. Short-term borrowings (short-term marketable securities) accounted for 11% of total gross debt at the end of 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.1.2.1.3 Ratings

ENGIE has solicited ratings by Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch.

In February 2026, S&P con ˱rmed ENGIE SA's issuer rating at BBB+/A-2, with a stable outlook.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

82% of the gross debt was issued on ˱nancial markets (bond issues and short-term marketable securities). Net debt, excluding amortized costs, the effect of ˱nancial derivative instruments and cash collateral, came to €34.8 billion at the end of 2025. At the end of 2025, net debt was 71% denominated in euros, 13% in US dollars and 11% in Brazilian reals, excluding amortized cost and after the foreign exchange impact of derivatives.

In February 2026, Moody's con˱rmed ENGIE SA's issuer rating at Baa1/P-2, with a stable outlook.

In February 2026, Fitch con˱rmed ENGIE SA's issuer rating at BBB+/F1, with a stable outlook.

After the impact of derivatives, 91% of the net debt was at a ˱xed rate. The average cost of gross debt was 4.0%. The average maturity of net debt was 11.2 years at the end of 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The principal contracts entered into by ENGIE SA are described in Note 11.1.5 of Section 6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements.

6.1.2.2 Restrictions on the use of capital

The most frequent ratios are:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Debt Service Cover Ratio = Free Cash Flow (Principal + interest expense) or for servicing interest (Interest Cover Ratio = EBITDA/interest expense);

• Loan Life Cover Ratio (adjustment of the average cost of the future Free Cash Flows debt divided by the borrowed amount still owed);

At December 31, 2025, the Group had total undrawn con ˱rmed credit lines of €12.0 billion. These lines are usable, among other things, as back-up lines for the short-term marketable securities programs. Almost 93% of these lines are centrally managed. At the end of 2025, no centralized revolving credit lines were in use, their availability was not subject to any ˱nancial covenants and their documentation did not include any rating trigger clauses. The counterparties of these lines are well diversi˱ed, with no single counterparty holding more than 10% of the total of these centralized lines.

• Debt/Equity ratio or maintenance of a minimum amount of equity.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Furthermore, the Group has set up credit lines for some subsidiaries, for which the documentation includes ratios based on their ˱nancial statements. These lines of credit are not guaranteed by ENGIE SA or GIE ENGIE Alliance. The de˱nition, as well as the level of these ratios, also known as “˱nancial covenants”, are determined by agreement with the lenders and may be reviewed during the life of the loan.

At December 31, 2025, all Group entities whose debt is consolidated were compliant with the covenants and representations contained in their ˱nancial documentation, with the exception of a few non-signi˱cant entities for which appropriate actions to achieve compliance are being implemented. There are no defaults linked to ˱nancial ratios or rating levels on available centralized credit lines.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.1.2.3 Expected sources of ˱nancing to honor commitments relating to investment decisions

The Group believes that its funding needs will be covered by available cash and by calling upon the capital markets on an ad hoc basis, as well as by the possible use of its existing credit facilities.

If necessary, dedicated ˱nancing could be established for very speci˱c projects.

The Group has a total of €3.7 billion in ˱nancing that matures in 2026, excluding the maturity of €5.7 billion in short-term marketable securities. In addition, at December 31, 2025, it had €15.3 billion in cash (net of bank overdrafts) and a total of €12.0 billion in available lines, including €1.0 billion expiring in 2026. The amount of these available lines is not net of the amount of short-term marketable securities.

[Page 356] 6.2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

6.2.1 Consolidated ˱nancial statements

Income statement

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

REVENUES 6.3 & 7 71,944 73,812

Purchases and operating derivatives 8.1 (49,047) (49,465)

Personnel costs 8.2 (8,648) (8,623)

Depreciation, amortization and provisions 8.3 (5,392) (5,547)

Taxes 8.4 (1,845) (2,391)

Other operating income 1,479 1,185

Current operating income including operating MtM 8,491 8,970

Share in net income of equity method entities 6.3 622 850

Current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities 9,113 9,820

Impairment losses 9.1 (778) (709)

Restructuring costs 9.2 (303) (369)

Changes in scope of consolidation 9.3 217 439

Other non-recurring items 9.4 42 (151)

NET INCOME/(LOSS) FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 8,291 9,030

Financial expenses (2,994) (3,845)

Financial income 1,021 2,003

NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(LOSS) 10 (1,973) (1,842)

Income tax expense 11 (1,570) (2,215)

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 4,748 4,973

Net income/(loss) Group share 3,827 4,106

Net income/(loss) of Non-controlling interests 921 867

Basic earnings/(loss) per share (in euros) (1) 12 1.52 1.66

Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (in euros) (1) 12 1.51 1.65

(1) In accordance with IAS 33 – Earnings Per Share, earnings per share and diluted earnings per share are based on net income/(loss) Group share after deduction of payments to holders of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes. NB: The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

[Page 357] Statement of comprehensive income

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 4,748 4,973

Debt instruments 14.1 26 (17)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net investment hedges 15 691 (265)

Cash ˳ow hedges (excl. commodity instruments) 15 386 (271)

Commodity cash ˳ow hedges 15 (2,246) 4,261

Deferred tax on recyclable or recycled items 349 (763)

Share of equity method entities in recyclable items, net of tax 56 (175)

Translation adjustments (2,219) 206

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total recyclable items (2,958) 2,978

Equity instruments 14.1 100 225

Actuarial gains and losses 827 404

Deferred tax on non-recyclable items (264) (75)

Share of equity method entities in actuarial gains and losses, net of tax - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total non-recyclable items 664 554

Total recyclable items and non-recyclable items (2,294) 3,532

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 2,454 8,505

Of which owners of the parent 1,908 7,586

Of which non-controlling interests 546 919

NB: The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Statement of ˱nancial position

ASSETS

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NON-CURRENT ASSETS

Goodwill 13.1 13,110 13,291

Intangible assets, net 13.2 7,919 7,964

Property, plant and equipment, net 13.3 65,499 64,388

Other ˱nancial assets 14 10,208 7,722

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Derivative instruments 14 5,347 6,689

Assets from contracts with customers 7 16 3

Investments in equity method entities 3 7,192 8,373

Other non-current assets 22 890 908

Deferred tax assets 11 673 847

Total non-current assets 110,855 110,185

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CURRENT ASSETS

Other ˱nancial assets 14 2,581 11,959

Derivative instruments 14 6,120 6,366

Trade and other receivables, net 7 13,573 16,173

Assets from contracts with customers 7 8,006 9,229

Inventories 22 2,852 5,061

Other current assets 22 10,368 12,395

Cash and cash equivalents 14 14,507 16,928

Assets classi˱ed as held for sale 4 388 1,248

Total current assets 58,394 79,359

TOTAL ASSETS 169,249 189,544

NB: The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

[Page 358] LIABILITIES

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Shareholders' equity 32,951 34,556

Non-controlling interests 2 7,879 6,902

Total equity 16 40,830 41,458

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Provisions 17 15,020 15,909

Long-term borrowings 14 43,235 42,880

Derivative instruments 14 7,083 7,695

Other ˱nancial liabilities 14 87 97

Liabilities from contracts with customers 7 451 153

Other non-current liabilities 22 2,631 2,591

Deferred tax liabilities 11 6,083 5,875

Total non-current liabilities 74,590 75,201

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Provisions 17 2,948 17,712

Short-term borrowings 14 11,333 9,127

Derivative instruments 14 4,917 5,951

Trade and other payables 14 17,226 19,153

Liabilities from contracts with customers 7 3,606 3,818

Other current liabilities 22 13,489 16,565

Liabilities directly associated with assets classi ˱ed as held for sale 4 310 560

Total current liabilities 53,830 72,884

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 169,249 189,544

NB: The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

[Page 359] Statement of changes in equity

Deeplysubordinated perpetual notes

Shareholders' equity Non-controlling interests Total

In millions of euros Share capital

Additional paid-in capital Consolidated reserves

Changes in fair value and other Translation adjustments Treasury stock

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EQUITY AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 2,435 23,916 5,198 3,393 (3,015) (1,693) (177) 30,057 5,667 35,724

Net income/(loss) - - 4,106 - - - - 4,106 867 4,973

Other comprehensive income/(loss) - - 530 - 2,815 135 - 3,480 52 3,532

Total comprehensive income/(loss) - - 4,636 - 2,815 135 - 7,586 919 8,505

Share-based payment - (9) 98 - - - - 90 - 90

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dividends paid in cash (1) - (2,882) (621) - - - - (3,503) (627) (4,130)

Purchase/disposal of treasury stock - - (105) - - - 55 (49) - (49)

Operations on deeplysubordinated perpetual notes (1) - - (80) 645 - - - 565 - 565

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Transactions between owners (1) - - (189) - - - - (189) 912 724

Transactions with an impact on noncontrolling interests - - - - - - - - 1 1

Share capital increases and decreases - - - - - - - - 30 30

Other changes - - - - - - - - (1) (1)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EQUITY AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 2,435 21,025 8,937 4,038 (200) (1,557) (122) 34,556 6,902 41,458

(1) Transactions of the period are listed in Note 16 Equity to the consolidated ˶nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. NB:The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Additional paid-in capital Consolidated reserves

In millions of euros Share capital

Deeplysubordinated perpetual notes

Changes in fair value and other Translation adjustments Treasury stock

Shareholders' equity Non-control-ling interests Total

EQUITY AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 2,435 21,025 8,937 4,038 (200) (1,557) (122) 34,556 6,902 41,458

Net income/(loss) - - 3,827 - - - - 3,827 921 4,748

Other comprehensive income/(loss) - - 624 - (726) (1,818) - (1,919) (375) (2,294)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total comprehensive income/(loss) - - 4,452 - (726) (1,818) - 1,908 546 2,454

Share-based payment - (6) 106 - - - - 100 - 100

Dividends paid in cash (1) - - (3,635) - - - - (3,635) (717) (4,351)

Purchase/disposal of treasury stock - - (86) - - - 74 (12) - (12)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Operations on deeplysubordinated perpetual notes (1) - - (140) 352 - - - 213 - 213

Transactions between owners (1) - - (183) - - - - (183) 1,148 966

Transactions with an impact on noncontrolling interests - - - - - - - - 3 3

Share capital increases and decreases - - - - - - - - (6) (6)

Other changes - - 4 - - - - 4 2 6

EQUITY AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 2,435 21,019 9,455 4,390 (926) (3,375) (48) 32,951 7,879 40,830

(1) Transactions of the period are listed in Note 16 Equity. NB: The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

[Page 360] Statement of cash ˳ows

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 4,748 4,973

- Share in net income/(loss) of equity method entities 6.3 (622) (850)

+ Dividends received from equity method entities 1,088 1,097

- Net depreciation, amortization, impairment and provisions 5,516 5,991

- Impact of changes in scope of consolidation and other non-recurring items (268) (290)

- Mark-to-market on commodity contracts other than trading instruments (45) (136)

- Other items with no cash impact (435) (441)

- Income tax expense 11 1,570 2,215

- Net ˱nancial income/(loss) 10 1,973 1,842

Cash generated from operations before income tax and working capital requirements 13,525 14,401

+ Tax paid (1,016) (1,030)

Change in working capital requirements (1) 22.1 (13,986) (227)

CASH FLOW FROM (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES (1,476) 13,144

Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 13.2 & 13.3 (7,267) (9,385)

Acquisitions of controlling interests in entities, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 4 & 14 (653) (670)

Acquisitions of investments in equity method entities and joint operations 3 & 4 (243) (66)

Acquisitions of equity and debt instruments 14 (1,750) 1,693

Disposals of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets 13.2 & 13.3 197 75

Loss of controlling interests in entities, net of cash and cash equivalents sold 4 & 14 497 279

Disposals of investments in equity method entities and joint operations 3 & 4 820 529

Disposals of equity and debt instruments 14 39 32

Interest received on ˱nancial assets 295 475

Dividends received on equity instruments (14) (12)

Change in loans and receivables originated by the Group and other (1) 14 8,523 (4,289)

CASH FLOW FROM (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 444 (11,338)

Dividends paid (2) (4,529) (4,147)

Repayment of borrowings and debt (3,080) (3,707)

Change in ˱nancial assets held for investment and ˱nancing purposes 459 (475)

Interest paid (1,512) (1,732)

Interest received on cash and cash equivalents 489 750

Cash ˳ow on derivatives qualifying as net investment hedges and compensation payments on derivatives and on early buyback of borrowings 93 69

Increase in borrowings 5,993 6,087

Increase/decrease in capital 367 1,040

Purchase and/or sale of treasury stock (22) (86)

Changes in ownership interests in controlled entities 16 884 743

CASH FLOW (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (858) (1,457)

Effects of changes in exchange rates and other (531) 2

TOTAL CASH FLOW FOR THE PERIOD (2,421) 350

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 14 16,928 16,578

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 14 14,507 16,928

(1) Changes in these two items include the effects of monetizing part of the ˶nancial assets set aside to cover nuclear provisions (“Change in loans and receivables originated by the Group and other”) in order to settle the payment of the ˶rst installment of the nuclear liability (“Change in working capital requirements) (see Note 4.2.2 Closing of the agreement with the Belgian State on the ten-year extension of two reactors and on the transfer of ˶nancial responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State). (2) The line “Dividends paid” includes the coupons paid to owners of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (see Note 16 Equity). NB: The amounts shown in the tables are expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals.

[Page 361] 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 14 Financial instruments 413

NOTE 15 Risks arising from ˱nancial instruments 426

NOTE 1 Accounting framework and basis for preparing the consolidated ˱nancial statements 360

NOTE 16 Equity 442

NOTE 2 Main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025 362

NOTE 17 Provisions 445

NOTE 3 Investments in equity method entities 368

NOTE 18 Post-employment bene ˱ts and other long‑term bene˱ts 451

NOTE 4 Main changes in Group structure and other highlights of the year 375

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 19 Share-based payments 457

NOTE 5 Financial indicators used in ˱nancial communication 378

NOTE 20 Related party transactions 459

NOTE 6 Segment information 382

NOTE 21 Executive compensation 460

NOTE 7 Revenues 388

NOTE 22 Working capital requirements, inventories, other assets and other liabilities 460

NOTE 8 Operating expenses 391

NOTE 23 Legal and anti-trust proceedings 462

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 9 Other items of net income/(loss) from operating activities 392

NOTE 24 Subsequent events 466

NOTE 10 Net ˱nancial income/(loss) 394

NOTE 25 Fees paid to the Statutory Auditors and to members of their networks 467

NOTE 11 Income tax expense 395

NOTE 12 Earnings per share 399

NOTE 13 Fixed assets 399

NOTE 26 Information regarding Luxembourg and Dutch companies exempted from the requirements to publish annual ˱nancial statements 467

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group is headquartered at 67, rue Jules Ferry, 92250 La Garenne-Colombes (France).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE shares are listed on the Paris, Brussels and Luxembourg stock exchanges.

ENGIE SA, the parent company of the Group, is a French société anonyme with a Board of Directors and is subject to the provisions of Book II of the French Commercial Code ( Code de Commerce ), as well as to all other provisions of French law applicable to French commercial companies. It was incorporated on November 20, 2004 for a period of 99 years.

On February 25, 2026, the Group’s Board of Directors approved and authorized for issue the consolidated ˱nancial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.

It is governed by current and future laws and by regulations applicable to sociétés anonymes and its bylaws.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 362] NOTE 1 ACCOUNTING FRAMEWORK AND BASIS FOR PREPARING THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.1 Accounting standards

1.1.2 IFRS standards, amendments or IFRIC interpretations applicable from 2026, that the Group has elected not to early adopt

• Amendments to IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments; and IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments : Disclosures – Amendments to the Classi ˱cation and Measurement of Financial Instruments.

Pursuant to European Regulation (EU) 2019/980 dated March 14, 2019, ˱nancial information concerning the assets, liabilities, ˱nancial position and pro˱t or loss of ENGIE has been provided for the last two reporting periods (ended December 31, 2024 and 2025). This information was prepared in accordance with European Regulation (EC) 1606/ 2002 “on the application of international accounting standards” dated July 19, 2002. The Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Standards as published by the International Accounting Standards Board and endorsed by the European Union (1) .

• Amendments to IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments; and IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments : Disclosures – Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity. .

• Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11.

• IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (2) .

The accounting standards applied in the consolidated ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 are consistent with the policies used to prepare the consolidated ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, except for those described below.

• IFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without Public Accountability : Disclosures (2) .

1.1.1 IFRS Standards, amendments or IFRIC Interpretations applicable as from 2025

• Amendments to IAS 21 – The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Translation to a Hyperin ˳ationary Presentation Currency (2) .

The impact of these texts is currently being assessed.

• Amendments to IAS 21 – The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability.

These amendments have no material impact on the Group's consolidated ˱nancial statements.

1.2 Measurement and presentation basis

1.2.1 Historical cost convention

The Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements are presented in euros and have been prepared using the historical cost convention, except for ˱nancial instruments, which are accounted for under the ˱nancial instrument categories de˱ned by IFRS 9.

Since January 1, 2010, the Group applies the purchase method as de ˱ned in IFRS 3 revised, which consists in recognizing the identi˱able assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values at the acquisition date, as well as any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. Non-controlling interests are measured either at fair value or at the entity’s proportionate interest in the net identi˱able assets of the acquiree. The Group determines on a case-by-case basis which measurement option to be used to recognize non-controlling interests.

1.2.2 Chosen options

1.2.2.3 Consolidated statement of cash ˳ows

1.2.2.1 Reminder of IFRS 1 transition options

The consolidated statement of cash ˳ows is prepared using the indirect method starting from net income.

The Group used some of the options available under IFRS 1 for its transition to IFRS in 2005. The options that continue to have an impact on the consolidated ˱nancial statements are:

• translation adjustments: the Group elected to reclassify cumulative translation adjustments within consolidated equity at January 1, 2004;

“Interest received on ˱nancial assets” is classi˱ed within investing activities because it represents a return on investments. “Interest received on cash and cash equivalents” is shown as a component of ˱nancing activities because the interest can be used to reduce borrowing costs. This classi˱cation is consistent with the Group’s internal organization, where debt and cash are managed centrally by the Group Treasury Department.

• business combinations: the Group elected not to restate business combinations that took place prior to January 1, 2004 in accordance with IFRS 3.

1.2.2.2 Business combinations

As impairment losses on current assets are considered to be de˱nitive losses, changes in current assets are presented net of impairment.

Cash ˳ows relating to the payment of income tax are presented on a separate line.

Business combinations carried out prior to January 1, 2010 were accounted for in accordance with IFRS 3 prior to the review. In accordance with IFRS 3 revised, these business combinations have not been restated.

(1) Available on the European Commission’s website: http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/FR/TXT/?uri=CELEX:02002R1606-20080410 (2) These standards and amendments have not yet been adopted by the European Union.

[Page 363] 1.2.3 Foreign currency transactions

• non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized at the historical cost applicable at the date of the transaction.

1.2.3.1 Translation of foreign currency transactions

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Foreign currency transactions are recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction.

1.2.3.2 Translation of the ˱nancial statements of subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the euro (the presentation currency)

Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which an entity operates, which in most cases corresponds to local currency. However, certain entities may have a functional currency different from the local currency when that other currency is used for an entity’s main transactions and better re ˳ects its economic environment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At each reporting date:

The statements of ˱nancial position of these subsidiaries are translated into euros at the of˱cial year-end exchange rates. Income statement and cash ˳ow statement items are translated using the average exchange rate for the year. Any differences arising from the translation of the ˱nancial statements of these subsidiaries are recorded under “Translation adjustments” as other comprehensive income.

• monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at year-end exchange rates. The resulting translation gains and losses are recorded in the consolidated income statement for the year to which they relate;

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign entities are classi˱ed as assets and liabilities of those foreign entities and are therefore denominated in the functional currencies of the entities and translated at the year-end exchange rate.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1.3 Use of estimates and judgment

1.3.1 Estimates

• measurement of unmetered revenues (energy in the meter) in a context of ˳uctuating commodity prices (see Note 7 Revenues);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• measurement of recognized tax loss carry-forwards, taking into account, where applicable, taxable income revisions and projections (see Note 11 Income tax expense).

The preparation of consolidated ˱nancial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions to determine the value of assets and liabilities and contingent assets and liabilities at the reporting date, as well as income and expenses reported during the period.

1.3.2 Judgment

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Developments in the economic and ˱nancial environment, particularly relating to volatile commodities markets, and political instability have prompted the Group to step up its risk oversight procedures, mainly in measuring ˱nancial instruments, and assessing counterparty and liquidity risk. The estimates used by the Group, among other things, to test for impairment and to measure provisions, also take into account this environment and the market volatility.

As well as relying on estimates, Group management also makes judgments to de ˱ne the appropriate accounting policies to apply to certain activities and transactions, particularly when the IFRS Standards and IFRIC Interpretations in force do not speci˱cally deal with the related accounting issues.

In particular, the Group exercised its judgment in:

Accounting estimates are made in a context that remains sensitive to energy market developments and regulations.

• assessing the nature of control (see Notes 2 Main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025 and 3 Investments in equity method entities);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, the Group regularly revises its estimates in light of currently available information. Final outcomes could differ from those estimates.

• identifying the performance obligations of sales contracts (see Note 7 Revenues);

The key estimates used in preparing the Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements relate mainly to:

• determining how revenues are recognized for distribution or transmission services invoiced to customers (see Note 7 Revenues);

• measurement of the recoverable amount of goodwill (see Note 13.1 Goodwill), other intangible assets (see Note 13.2 Intangible assets) and property, plant and equipment (see Note 13.3 Property, plant and equipment);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• identifying own use contracts as de ˱ned by IFRS 9 within non-˱nancial purchase and sale contracts (electricity, gas, etc.) (see Note 14 Financial instruments);

• identifying offsetting arrangements that meet the criteria set out in IAS 32 – Financial Instruments: Presentation (see Note 14 Financial instruments);

• measurement of the fair value of ˱nancial assets and liabilities, and factoring in the uncertainty surrounding the key assumptions used, in particular updating the main valuation inputs of commodity derivatives (see Notes 14 Financial instruments and 15 Risks arising from ˱nancial instruments);

• determining whether arrangements are or contain a lease (see Note 13.3 Property, plant and equipment).

Entities for which judgment on the nature of control has been exercised are listed in Note 2 Main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025 and Note 3 Investments in equity method entities.

• measurement of provisions, and particularly provisions for dismantling facilities, disputes, and pensions and other employee bene ˱ts (see Notes 17 Provisions and 18 Postemployment bene˱ts and other long-term bene˱ts);

[Page 364] 1.3.3 Consideration of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues in the preparation of the Group’s ˱nancial statements

The risks and opportunities relating to Environmental, Social and Governance issues – identi ˱ed during the double materiality assessment and described in Chapter 3 “Sustainability statement and other ESG information” – were taken into account when preparing the consolidated ˱nancial statements in order to determine any material impacts on the ˱nancial information presented.

• the commitments made speci ˱cally by ENGIE are also re˳ected in the assessment of the value of the Group’s assets (see Note 13.4.1 General assumptions), in particular (i) the complete withdrawal from coal activities by 2027, which primarily concerns South America, depending on each asset’s speci˱c prospects (closure, conversion or disposal and discontinuance of sales) and (ii) the gradual decarbonization of the Group’s power generation activities to net zero by 2045 and, more broadly, the Group’s investment strategy in favor of the energy transition by expanding its renewable energy ˳eet, substituting natural gas with renewable gas, thereby con˱rming a mixed gas/ electricity scenario in the Group’s long-term projections under the present regulation/remuneration methods for regulated assets (in France in particular), and developing low-carbon services offerings.

The Group has exercised its judgment in selecting assumptions re˳ecting climate-related issues. In particular, it veri˱ed whether there were any indications that non- ˱nancial assets might be impaired or provisions needed to be recognized:

Assumptions re˳ecting other ESG issues were assessed to determine whether a provision needed to be recognized (see Note 17 Provisions) or to provide additional information (see Note 23 Legal and anti-trust proceedings) in relation to the following topics:

• rehabilitation or restoration of sites (e.g., infrastructure dismantling obligations, soil decontamination);

• the commitments made by France, Europe and various countries at international level, in particular with regard to mediumand long-term carbon neutrality, are taken into account (i) in assessing the value of the Group’s assets, in particular through the long-term price scenarios used in impairment tests (see Note 13.4 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities), and (ii) in assessing dismantling provisions, in particular by assessing the useful life of gas infrastructures in France based on the expected change in the energy mix (see Note 17 Provisions);

• the Group’s exposure to risks relating to individuals, commercial disputes and other legal risks in the event of noncompliance with regulations or legislation, and its exposure to other disputes and investigations in connection with its own business activities (see Note 23 Legal and anti-trust proceedings).

NOTE 2 MAIN SUBSIDIARIES AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

• it has the rights and is exposed to variable returns from its involvement with the entity;

• it has the ability to use its power over the entity to affect the investor’s return.

Controlled entities (subsidiaries) are fully consolidated in accordance with IFRS 10 – Consolidated Financial Statements . An investor (the Group) controls an entity and therefore must consolidate it if all of the following three criteria are met:

• it has the ability to direct the relevant activities of the entity;

2.1 List of main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025

• list of main non-consolidated interests.

The following lists are made available by the Group to third parties, pursuant to Regulation No. 2016-09 of the French accounting standards authority (ANC) issued on December 2, 2016:

This information is available on the Group’s website (https:// www.webdisclosure.com/company/engie).

• list of companies included in consolidation;

Non-consolidated companies are classi ˱ed as non-current ˱nancial assets (see Note 14.1.1.1 Equity instruments at fair value) under “Equity instruments at fair value”.

• list of companies excluded from consolidation because their individual and cumulative incidence on the Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements is not material. They correspond to entities deemed not signi˱cant as regards the Group’s main key ˱gures (revenues, total equity, etc.) or entities that have ceased all activities and are undergoing liquidation/closure proceedings;

[Page 365] CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The list of the main subsidiaries consolidated under the full consolidation method presented below was determined, as regards operating entities, based on their contribution to Group revenues, EBITDA, net income and net ˱nancial debt. The main equity-accounted investments (associates and joint ventures) are presented in Note 3 Investments in equity method entities.

Some entities such as ENGIE SA, ENGIE Énergie Services SA or Electrabel SA comprise both operating activities and headquarters functions which report to management teams of different reportable segments. In the following tables, these operating activities and headquarters functions are shown within their respective reportable segments under their initial company name followed by a * sign.

Renewables & Flex Power ̶ Renewables & BESS

% interest

Company name Activity Country

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

BTE Renewables Electricity distribution and generation South Africa 60.0 60.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Compagnie Nationale du Rhône Electricity distribution and generation France 50.0 50.0

ENGIE Energía Perú* Electricity distribution and generation Peru 61.8 61.8

ENGIE Green Electricity distribution and generation France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Renouvelables Electricity distribution and generation France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Romania* Energy sales Romania 63.0 63.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Group Broad Reach Power Battery energy storage systems United States 100.0 100.0

Groupe ENGIE Brasil Energia* Electricity distribution and generation Brazil 68.7 68.7

Groupe ENGIE Energía Chile* Electricity distribution and generation Chile 60.0 60.0

Jupiter Equity Holding Electricity distribution and generation United States 51.0 51.0

Kathu Solar Park Electricity distribution and generation South Africa 57.7 57.7

Mercury Equity Holding Electricity distribution and generation United States 51.0 51.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Saturn Equity Holding Electricity distribution and generation United States 51.0 51.0

Saturn Storage Equity Holdings Electricity distribution and generation United States 51.0 51.0

Tacoma Equity Holdco Electricity distribution and generation United States 51.0 51.0

Renewables & Flex Power ̶ Gas Generation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

% interest

Company name Activity Country

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Electrabel SA* Electricity generation, Energy sales Belgium 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energía Perú* Electricity generation, Energy sales Peru 61.8 61.8

ENGIE Energie Nederland N.V.* Electricity generation, Energy sales Netherlands 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Italia S.p.A* Electricity generation, Energy sales Italy 100.0 100.0

ENGIE SA* Electricity generation, Energy sales France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Thermique France Electricity generation, Energy sales France 100.0 100.0

First Hydro Holdings Company Electricity generation, Energy sales United Kingdom 75.0 75.0

Groupe ENGIE Energía Chile* Electricity generation, Energy sales Chile 60.0 60.0

Pelican Point Power Limited Electricity generation, Energy sales Australia 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

UCH Power Limited (1) Electricity generation, Energy sales Pakistan - 100.0

(1) On April 15, 2025, the Group ˶nalized the sale of its entire stake in Uch (see Note 4.1 Main changes in Group structure).

[Page 366] Networks

% interest

Company name Activity Country

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Elengy Natural gas, LNG France 60.8 60.8

ENGIE Romania* Natural gas distribution Romania 63.0 63.0

Fosmax LNG Natural gas, LNG France 60.8 60.8

GRDF Natural gas distribution France 100.0 100.0

Groupe ENGIE Brasil Energia* Electricity distribution Brazil 68.7 68.7

Groupe ENGIE Energía Chile* Electricity distribution Chile 60.0 60.0

Groupe NaTran (excluding Elengy) Natural gas transportation France, Germany 60.9 60.8

Storengy Deutschland Underground natural gas storage Germany 100.0 100.0

Storengy France Underground natural gas storage France 100.0 100.0

Local Energy Infrastructures

% interest

Company name Activity Country

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CPCU Urban heating networks France 66.5 66.5

Energie SaarLorLux AG Energy services Germany 51.0 51.0

ENGIE Deutschland Energy services Germany 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energie Services SA* Energy services, Networks France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Servizi S.p.A Energy services Italy 100.0 100.0

Supply & Energy Management

% interest

Company name Activity Country

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Electrabel SA* Electricity generation, Energy sales Belgium 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Deutschland AG* Holding, Energy management trading Germany 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energy Management* Energy management trading France, Belgium, Italy, United Kingdom 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energie Nederland Holding B.V. Holding, Energy management trading Netherlands 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energie Nederland N.V.* Electricity generation, Energy sales Netherlands 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Global Markets Energy management trading France, Belgium, Singapore 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Italia S.p.A* Holding, Energy management trading Italy 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Romania* Natural gas distribution, Energy sales Romania 63.0 63.0

ENGIE SA* Electricity generation, Energy sales France 100.0 100.0

Simply Energy Energy sales Australia 100.0 100.0

[Page 367] Others

% interest

Company name Activity Country

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Electrabel SA* Electricity generation, Energy sales Belgium 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Cogac Holding France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE CC Financial subsidiaries, Central functions Belgium 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energie Services SA* Energy services, Networks France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Energy Services International SA Holding Belgium 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Finance SA Financial subsidiaries France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Holding Inc. Holding – parent company United States 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Investissement International Holding – parent company Luxembourg 100.0 100.0

ENGIE North America Electricity distribution and generation, Natural gaz, LNG, Energy services United States 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Resources Inc. Energy sales United States 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Romania* Natural gas distribution, Energy sales Romania 63.0 63.0

ENGIE SA* Holding – parent company, Energy management trading, energy sales France 100.0 100.0

ENGIE Group Participations Holding France 100.0 100.0

Gen ˱na Holding Belgium 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Groupe ENGIE Energía Chile* Electricity distribution and generation Chile 60.0 60.0

International Power Limited Holding United Kingdom 100.0 100.0

Synatom Nuclear provisions management Belgium 100.0 100.0

Tractebel Engineering International Engineering Belgium 100.0 100.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2.2 Signi ˱cant judgments exercised when assessing control

The Group primarily considers the following information and criteria when determining whether it has control over an entity:

• governance arrangements: voting rights and Group representation in the governing bodies, majority rules and veto rights;

• the nature of substantive or protective rights granted to shareholders, relating to the entity’s relevant activities;

• deadlock resolution mechanisms;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• whether the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity.

The Group exercised its judgment regarding the following entities and sub-groups:

Entities in which the Group has the majority of the voting rights

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NaTran (Networks): 60.85%

The analysis of the shareholders' agreement concluded with Société d'Infrastructures Gazières, a subsidiary of Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (CDC), which holds 38.47% of the share capital of NaTran, was completed by an assessment of the rights granted to the French Energy Regulatory Commission ( Commission de Régulation de l’Énergie – CRE). As a regulated activity, NaTran has a dominant position on the gas transportation market in France. Accordingly, since the transposition of the Third European Directive of

July 13, 2009 into French law ( Code de l’énergie – Energy Code) on May 9, 2011, NaTran has been subject to independence rules as regards its directors and senior management team. The French Energy Code confers certain powers on the CRE in the context of its duties to control the proper functioning of the gas markets in France, including verifying the independence of the members of the Board of Directors and senior management and assessing the choice of investments. The Group considers that it exercises control over NaTran and its subsidiaries (including Elengy) based on the Group’s ability to appoint the majority of the members of the Board of Directors and take decisions about the relevant activities, especially in terms of the level of investment and planned ˱nancing.

[Page 368] Entities in which the Group does not have the majority of the voting rights

The main fully consolidated entity in which the Group does not have the majority of the voting rights at December 31, 2025 is Compagnie Nationale du Rhône (49.98%).

For entities in which the Group does not have the majority of the voting rights, judgment is exercised with regard to the following items, in order to assess whether there is a situation of de facto control:

Compagnie Nationale du Rhône (“CNR” – Renewables & Flex Power ̶ Renewables & BESS): 49.98%

• dispersion of the shareholding structure: number of voting rights held by the Group relative to the number of rights held respectively by the other holders of voting rights and their dispersion;

• voting patterns at Shareholders’ Meetings: the percentages of voting rights exercised by the Group at Shareholders' Meetings in recent years;

• governance arrangements: representation in the governing body with strategic and operational decision-making power over the relevant activities;

The Group holds 49.98% of the share capital of CNR, with CDC holding 33.2%, and the balance of 16.82% being dispersed among around 200 local authorities. In view of the current provisions of the French “Murcef” law, under which a majority of CNR's share capital must remain under public ownership, the Group is unable to hold more than 50% of the share capital. However, the Group considers that it exercises de facto control as it holds the majority of the voting rights exercised at Shareholders’ Meetings due to the widely dispersed shareholding structure and the absence of evidence of the minority shareholders acting in concert.

• rules for appointing key management personnel;

• contractual relationships and material transactions.

2.3 Main subsidiaries with non-controlling interests

The following table shows the subsidiaries with non-controlling interests that are deemed to be material, the respective contributions to equity and to net income at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, as well as the dividends paid to non‑controlling interests:

In millions of euros

Percentage interest of non-controlling interests Net income/(loss) of non‑controlling interests Equity of non-controlling interests Dividends paid

Company name Activity

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

39.1 39.2 153 121 1,646 1,581 116 175

NaTran Group (Networks, France)

Regulated gas transportation activities and management of LNG terminals

40.0 40.0 88 67 590 592 24 20

ENGIE Energía Chile Group (Latin America, Chile) (1)

Electricity distribution and generation – thermal power plants

37.0 37.0 85 82 615 567 19 16

Distribution of natural gas, Energy sales

ENGIE Romania Group (Rest of Europe, Romania)

31.3 31.3 138 204 754 686 65 83

Electricity distribution and generation

ENGIE Brasil Energia Group (Latin America, Brazil) (1)

38.2 38.2 28 33 378 441 34 11

ENGIE Energía Perú (Latin America, Peru) (1)

Electricity distribution and generation – thermal and hydroelectric power plants

49.0 49.0 183 27 2,514 1,525 126 31

USA Solar, Wind & BESS (2) Electricty generation, storage and distribution

247 333 1,381 1,511 333 290

Other ubsidiaries with noncontrolling interests

TOTAL 921 867 7,879 6,902 717 627

(1) ENGIE Energia Chile, ENGIE Brasil Energia and ENGIE Energia Perú are listed in their respective countries. (2) In the United States, ENGIE holds a 51.0% stake in most jointly owned projects (the other projects are jointly owned at 50.5%, 50.9%, 68.0%, and 73.1%).

[Page 369] 2.3.1 Condensed ˱nancial information on main subsidiaries with non-controlling interests

The condensed ˱nancial information concerning these subsidiaries presented in the table below is based on a 100% interest and is shown before intragroup eliminations.

NaTran Group ENGIE Energía Chile Group ENGIE Romania Group

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Income statement

Revenues 2,625 2,562 1,684 1,597 1,890 1,747

Net income/(loss) 391 309 220 168 230 191

Net income/(loss) Group share 238 188 132 101 145 110

Other comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share 38 16 (100) 62 (34) (26)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) – GROUP SHARE 276 204 32 163 111 83

Statement of ˱nancial position

Current assets 884 1,050 632 1,154 875 727

Non-current assets 9,583 9,675 4,178 3,885 1,310 1,270

Current liabilities (1,221) (1,418) (509) (586) (299) (345)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Non-current liabilities (5,039) (5,270) (2,836) (2,985) (239) (137)

TOTAL EQUITY 4,206 4,036 1,465 1,469 1,646 1,515

TOTAL EQUITY OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 1,646 1,581 590 592 615 567

Statement of cash ˳ows

Cash ˳ow from operating activities 1,224 1,064 679 603 323 391

Cash ˳ow from (used in) investing activities (487) (495) (922) (580) (131) (208)

Cash ˳ow from (used in) ˱nancing activities (727) (588) (122) 160 (47) (137)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL CASH FLOW FOR THE PERIOD (1) 9 (19) (365) 183 145 47

(1) Excluding effects of changes in exchange rates and other.

ENGIE Brasil Energia Group ENGIE Energía Perú ENGIE USA solar, wind & BESS (2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Income statement

Revenues 2,056 1,924 574 664 634 361

Net income/(loss) 344 642 72 86 246 (202)

Net income/(loss) Group share 206 438 45 53 63 (229)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) – Group share (13) (176) (88) 45 (459) 156

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) – GROUP SHARE 193 262 (43) 98 (396) (73)

Statement of ˱nancial position

Current assets 1,108 1,141 482 581 708 797

Non-current assets 7,349 6,404 1,579 1,842 12,167 12,078

Current liabilities (1,028) (897) (256) (375) (576) 114

Non-current liabilities (5,399) (4,928) (815) (893) (5,387) (7,169)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL EQUITY 2,030 1,720 989 1,155 6,912 5,819

TOTAL EQUITY OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 754 686 378 441 2,514 1,525

Statement of cash ˳ows

Cash ˳ow from operating activities 1,146 1,267 213 239 402 8

Cash ˳ow from (used in) investing activities (1,106) (1,482) (71) (94) (437) (1,715)

Cash ˳ow from (used in) ˱nancing activities (136) (3) (101) (60) 22 1,466

TOTAL CASH FLOW FOR THE PERIOD (1) (96) (218) 40 86 (13) (241)

(1) Excluding effects of changes in exchange rates and other. (2) In the United States, ENGIE holds a 51.0% stake in most jointly owned projects (the other projects are jointly owned at 50.5%, 50.9%, 68.0%, and 73.1%).

[Page 370] NOTE 3 INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY METHOD ENTITIES

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

The Group accounts for its investments in associates and joint ventures using the equity method. Under IFRS 11 – Joint Arrangements , a joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. An associate is an entity over which the Group has signi ˱cant in˳uence.

The respective contributions of associates and joint ventures in the statement of ˱nancial position, the income statement and the statement of comprehensive income at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 are as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 (1)

Statement of ˱nancial position

Investments in associates 3,423 3,967

Investments in joint ventures 3,769 4,406

INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY METHOD ENTITIES 7,192 8,373

Income statement

Share in net income/(loss) of associates 273 414

Share in net income/(loss) of joint ventures 349 436

SHARE IN NET INCOME/(LOSS) OF EQUITY METHOD ENTITIES 622 850

Statement of comprehensive income

Share of associates in “Other comprehensive income/(loss)” (39) 91

Share of joint ventures in “Other comprehensive income/(loss)” 95 (266)

SHARE OF EQUITY METHOD ENTITIES IN “OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)” 56 (175)

(1) The contribution of Tirreno Power has been reclassi ˶ed under joint ventures. Published data at December 31, 2024 have been restated accordingly.

Impairment losses recognized on investments in equity method entities are commented on Note 13.4 Impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities.

Signi ˱cant judgments

The Group exercised its judgment regarding the following entities and sub-groups.

The Group primarily considers the following information and criteria in determining whether it has joint control or signi ˱cant in˳uence over an entity:

Project management entities in the Middle East and in Africa

• governance arrangements: voting rights and Group representation in the governing bodies, majority rules and veto rights;

• the nature of substantive or protective rights granted to shareholders, relating to the entity’s relevant activities;

• this can be dif ˱cult to determine in the case of “project management” or “one-asset” entities, as certain decisions concerning the relevant activities are made upon the creation of the joint arrangement and remain valid throughout the project. Accordingly, the analysis of rights relates to the relevant residual activities of the entity (those that signi˱cantly affect the variable returns of the entity);

• deadlock resolution mechanisms;

The signi ˱cant judgments made in determining the consolidation method to be applied to these project management entities related to the risks and rewards relating to contracts between ENGIE and the entity concerned, as well as an analysis of the residual relevant activities over which the entity retains control after its creation. The Group considers that it exercises signi˱cant in˳uence or joint control over these entities, since the decisions taken throughout the term of the project about the relevant activities such as re˱nancing, or the renewal or amendment of signi˱cant contracts (sales, purchases, operating and maintenance services) require, depending on the case, the unanimous consent of two or more parties sharing control.

• whether the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity;

• this can also involve analyzing the Group’s contractual relations with the entity, in particular the conditions in which these contracts are entered into, their duration as well as the management of con ˳icts of interest that may arise when the entity’s governing body casts votes.

[Page 371] Joint control – difference between joint ventures and joint operations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Classifying a joint arrangement requires the Group to use its judgment to determine whether the entity in question is a joint venture or a joint operation. IFRS 11 requires an analysis of “other facts and circumstances” when determining the classi ˱cation of jointly controlled entities.

The IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) (November 2014) decided that for an entity to be classi˱ed as a joint operation, other facts and circumstances must give rise to direct enforceable rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, of the joint arrangement.

In view of this position and its application to our analyses, the Group has no material joint operations at December 31, 2025.

3.1 Investments in associates

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

3.1.1 Contribution of associates to the Group

The table below shows the contribution of each material associate along with the aggregate contribution of associates deemed not material taken individually, in the consolidated statement of ˱nancial position, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, and the “Dividends received from equity method entities” line of the statement of cash ˳ows.

The Group used qualitative and quantitative criteria to determine material associates. These criteria include the contribution to the consolidated line items “Share in net income/(loss) of associates” and “Investments in associates”, the total assets of associates in Group share, and associates carrying major projects in the study or construction phase for which the related investment commitments are material (100% capacity).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consolidation percentage of investments in associates

Carrying amount of investments in associates

Share in net income/(loss) of associates

Dividends received from associates

Other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates

In millions of euros

Company name Activity Capacity

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Gas- ˱red power plants and seawater desalination facilities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Project management entities in the Middle East (Middle-East, Asia & Africa, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Kuwait) (1)(2)

860 1,326 153 174 (22) 29 144 205

Movhera Hydropower plant 1,706 MW 40.00 40.00 573 549 50 23 2 (5) 10 26

Energia Sustentável do Brasil (Brazil)

Hydropower plant 3,675 MW 40.00 40.00 562 584 25 17 - - 48 -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GASAG (Germany) Gas and heat networks 31.57 31.57 285 289 30 18 (17) 33 17 17

Eolia Renovables (Spain) Wind power plant 964 MW 40.00 40.00 372 358 (9) 8 (1) 7 - -

Other investments in associates that are not material taken individually 771 861 24 174 (2) 26 55 131

INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES 3,423 3,967 273 414 (39) 91 273 378

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Investments in associates operating gas- ˶red power plants and seawater desalination facilities in the Arabian Peninsula have been grouped together under “Project management entities in the Middle East”. This mainly includes around 30 associates operating thermal power plants with a total installed capacity of 23,179 MW (at 100%). These associates have fairly similar business models and joint arrangements: the project management entities selected as a result of a competitive bidding process develop, build and operate power generation plants and seawater desalination facilities. The entire output of these facilities is sold to government-owned companies under power and water purchase agreements, over periods generally spanning 20 to 30 years. (2) In accordance with their contractual arrangements, the corresponding plants are recognized in accordance with IFRIC 12, IFRS 16 or IAS 16 as property, plant and equipment or as ˶nancial receivables. The shareholding structure of these entities systematically includes a government-owned company based in the same country as the project management entity. The Group’s percentage interest and percentage voting rights in each of these entities varies between 20% and 50%. In December 2025, the Group ˶nalized the sale of its thermal assets in Bahrain and Kuwait (see Note 4.1 Main changes in Group structure).

[Page 372] 3.1.2 Financial information regarding material associates

The share in net income/(loss) of associates includes a net non-recurring expense of €66 million in 2025 (compared to a net non-recurring expense of €1 million in 2024), mainly including an impairment loss on renewable assets in France (see Note 5.3 Net recurring income Group share (NriGs)).

The tables below provide condensed ˱nancial information for the Group's main associates. The amounts shown have been determined in accordance with IFRS, before the elimination of intragroup transactions and after (i) adjustments made in line with Group accounting policies and (ii) fair value measurements of the assets and liabilities of the associate performed at the acquisition date at the level of ENGIE, as required by IAS 28. All amounts are presented based on a 100% interest with the exception of “Total equity attributable to ENGIE”.

Total equity attributable to ENGIE

Consolidation % of Group

Noncurrent liabilities Total equity

Noncurrent assets Current liabilities

Total comprehensive income/ (loss) Current assets

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net income /(loss)

In millions of euros Revenues

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

Project management entities in the Middle East 4,395 653 (99) 554 2,167 13,050 2,945 8,561 3,705 860

Energia Sustentável do Brasil 591 62 - 62 243 2,677 1,524 (7) 1,404 40.00 562

Movhera 524 126 6 132 255 1,978 133 667 1,433 40.00 573

GASAG 1,716 95 (54) 41 1,347 2,041 2,308 340 905 31.57 285

Eolia Renovables 131 (22) (1) (24) 113 2,082 166 1,086 931 40.00 372

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024

Project management entities in the Middle East 4,686 703 150 852 2,985 18,254 3,302 12,569 5,361 1,326

Energia Sustentável do Brasil 610 44 - 44 201 2,842 1,590 (7) 1,460 40.00 584

Movhera 402 58 (11) 46 212 2,015 93 763 1,372 40.00 549

GASAG 1,632 56 105 161 1,294 1,920 2,218 240 918 31.57 289

Eolia Renovables 128 20 17 37 119 2,130 195 1,147 894 40.00 358

3.1.3 Transactions between the Group and its associates

The data below set out the impact of transactions with associates on the Group's 2025 consolidated ˱nancial statements.

Loans and receivables at amortized cost

Trade and other payables Borrowings and debt

Sales of goods and services

Trade and other receivables

In millions of euros

Purchases of goods and services

Net ˱nancial income (excluding dividends)

Project management entities in the Middle East (1) 215 4 46 140 1 -

Contassur (1) - - - 265 2 - -

Energia Sustentável do Brasil 130 2 - - - 13 -

Movhera - 64 6 29 68 5 -

Other 99 61 7 52 148 21 15

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 229 342 18 392 358 40 16

(1) Contassur is a life insurance company accounted for using the equity method. Contassur offers insurance contracts, chie ˸y with pension funds that cover post-employment bene˶t obligations for Group employees and also employees of other companies mainly engaged in regulated activities in the electricity and gas sector in Belgium. Insurance contracts entered into by Contassur represent reimbursement rights recorded within “Other assets” in the statement of ˶nancial position. These reimbursement rights totaled €265 million at December 31, 2025 (€260 million at December 31, 2024).

[Page 373] 3.2 Investments in joint ventures

3.2.1 Contribution of joint ventures to the Group

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The table below shows the contribution of each material joint venture along with the aggregate contribution of joint ventures deemed not material taken individually to the consolidated statement of ˱nancial position, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, and the “Dividends received from equity method entities” line of the statement of cash ˳ows.

The Group used qualitative and quantitative criteria to determine material joint ventures. These criteria include the contribution to the line items “Share in net income/(loss) of joint ventures” and “Investments in joint ventures”, the Group’s share in the total assets of joint ventures, and joint ventures conducting major projects in the study or construction phase for which the related investment commitments are material.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other comprehensive income

Share in net income/(loss) of joint ventures

Carrying amount of investments in joint ventures

Dividends received from joint ventures

Consolidation percentage of investments in joint ventures

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2024

Company name Activity Capacity

Gas transmission network 50.00 50.00 540 582 311 343 71 (119) 425 417

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (TAG) (Brazil) (1)

District cooling networks 40.00 40.00 786 925 42 56 (4) (21) 60 44

National Central Cooling Company “Tabreed” (Middle-East, Asia & Africa, Abu Dhabi)

534 MW 50.00 50.00 281 306 64 55 - - 68 63

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EcoÉlectrica (Puerto Rico) Combined-cycle gas- ˱red power plant and LNG terminal

Electricity generation 864 MW - - 43 34 7 23 2 (16) - 6

Portfolio of power generation assets (Portugal)

33.10 33.10 197 217 2 36 - - 22 17

WSW Energie und Wasser AG (Germany)

Electricity distribution and generation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Energy services 39.10 39.10 163 236 9 6 (1) (1) 55 5

Iowa University partnership (United States)

Ocean Winds Electricity generation 2,747 MW 50.00 50.00 264 187 15 (138) 37 (107) 62 -

Energy services 50.00 50.00 158 176 7 6 (2) - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Georgetown University partnership (United States)

Energy services 50.00 50.00 16 22 - (17) 2 2 6 16

Ohio State Energy Partners (United States)

Megal GmbH (Germany) Gas transmission network 49.00 49.00 44 52 (3) 2 - - 5 4

Electricity transmission line 50.00 50.00 114 134 6 5 - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte (Chile) (2)

Energia Mayakan (Mexico) Gas transmission network 50.00 50.00 310 355 3 12 (7) - 5 4

Other investments in joint ventures that are not material taken individually 854 1,179 (116) 49 (3) (4) 104 143

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES 3,769 4,406 349 436 95 (266) 815 719

(1) The Group’s interest in Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (TAG) is 44.52%. (2) The Group’s interest inTransmisora Eléctrica del Norte is 30%.

The share in net income/(loss) of joint ventures includes a non-recurring loss of €320 million in 2025 (non-recurring loss of €211 million in 2024), mainly resulting from impairment losses on Local Energy Infrastructures RoW assets in the United States and renewables activities in France (see Note 5.3 Net recurring income Group share (NriGs)).

[Page 374] 3.2.2 Financial information regarding material joint ventures

the level of ENGIE, as required by IAS 28. All amounts are presented based on a 100% interest with the exception of “Total equity attributable to ENGIE” in the statement of ˱nancial position.

The amounts shown have been determined in accordance with IFRS before the elimination of intragroup items and after (i) adjustments made in line with Group accounting policies and (ii) fair value measurements of the assets and liabilities of the joint venture performed at the date of acquisition at

3.2.2.1 Information on the income statement and statement of comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income/ (loss)

Other comprehensive income

Net ˱nancial income/ (loss)

Income tax expense

Net income/ (loss)

In millions of euros Revenues

Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (TAG) 1,477 (213) (300) (130) 623 141 764

National Central Cooling Company “Tabreed” - - - - 106 (10) 96

EcoÉlectrica 208 (32) 4 (6) 129 - 129

Portfolio of power generation assets in Portugal 16 (1) (14) (5) 14 4 18

WSW Energie und Wasser AG 1,324 (17) 5 (24) 8 - 8

Iowa University partnership 122 - (28) - 23 - 23

Ocean Winds 298 (246) (175) (13) 27 73 101

Georgetown University partnership 137 (1) (27) (1) 13 - 13

Ohio State Energy Partners 128 (1) (65) - - - -

Megal GmbH 120 (69) (6) 2 (6) - (6)

Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte 67 - (24) (5) 14 - 14

Energia Mayakan 76 (13) 7 (35) 7 (14) (8)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024

Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (TAG) 1,554 (189) (303) (166) 686 (292) 394

National Central Cooling Company “Tabreed” - (8) (2) (13) 139 (52) 87

EcoÉlectrica - - 1 (1) 57 - 57

Portfolio of power generation assets in Portugal 175 (27) (13) (16) 56 (14) 42

WSW Energie und Wasser AG 1,064 (12) - (59) 106 1 107

Iowa University partnership - - - - 6 (1) 5

Ocean Winds 87 (20) (71) - (289) (214) (503)

Georgetown University partnership - - - - 6 - 5

Ohio State Energy Partners - - 1 - (16) 2 (14)

Megal GmbH 123 (66) (3) 1 3 - 3

Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte 72 - (29) (5) 12 13 25

Energia Mayakan 60 (10) (3) (6) 24 1 25

[Page 375] 3.2.2.2 Information on the statement of ˱nancial position

Other current liabilities Long-term borrowings

Noncurrent assets Short-term borrowings

Other current assets

Total equity attributable to ENGIE

In millions of euros Cash and cash equivalents

Other noncurrent liabilities Total equity Consolidation % of Group

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (TAG) 101 336 4,270 322 134 2,347 1,386 1,081 50.00 540

National Central Cooling Company “Tabreed” 194 247 2,930 466 261 844 82 2,125 40.00 786

EcoÉlectrica 41 75 319 3 21 - 15 396 50.00 281

Portfolio of power generation assets in Portugal 39 172 247 53 75 238 7 86 50.00 43

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

WSW Energie und Wasser AG 117 366 564 26 481 145 136 586 33.10 197

Iowa University partnership 11 12 1,160 8 6 733 20 416 39.10 163

Ocean Winds 191 164 5,515 3,299 278 931 624 743 50.00 264

Georgetown University partnership - 8 1,035 - 8 715 4 316 50.00 158

Ohio State Energy Partners 8 67 1,406 98 9 1,309 21 44 50.00 16

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Megal GmbH 1 13 561 131 30 271 55 89 49.00 44

Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte 88 19 550 35 4 421 60 137 50.00 114

Energia Mayakan 223 148 1,707 1 442 906 109 619 50.00 310

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024

Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (TAG) 360 370 4,531 533 151 2,555 1,419 1,165 50.00 582

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

National Central Cooling Company “Tabreed” 430 288 3,378 14 329 1,633 99 2,481 40.00 925

EcoÉlectrica 4 94 557 7 18 - 17 613 50.00 306

Portfolio of power generation assets in Portugal 35 139 274 58 52 262 7 69 50.00 34

WSW Energie und Wasser AG 206 327 510 90 405 97 146 634 33.10 217

Iowa University partnership 7 14 1,254 8 10 652 - 605 39.10 236

Ocean Winds 359 95 5,144 3,264 456 900 386 596 50.00 187

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Georgetown University partnership 3 19 1,080 22 18 711 - 351 50.00 176

Ohio State Energy Partners - 74 1,567 47 48 1,479 22 45 50.00 22

Megal GmbH 13 6 607 50 14 396 59 107 49.00 52

Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte 77 26 757 38 5 549 - 268 50.00 134

Energia Mayakan 144 104 1,351 2 169 587 132 709 50.00 355

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 376] 3.2.3 Transactions between the Group and its joint ventures

The data below set out the impact of transactions with joint ventures on the Group’s 2025 consolidated ˱nancial statements.

Purchases of goods and services

Net ˱nancial income (excluding dividends)

Trade and other receivables

Sales of goods and services

Loans and receivables at amortized cost

Trade and other payables Borrowings and debt

In millions of euros

WSW Energie und Wasser AG - 18 - 1 - - -

Megal GmbH 66 - - - - 7 -

Futures Energies Investissements Holding 47 37 7 5 153 4 -

Ocean Winds - - 52 3 500 - -

Other 362 554 16 107 458 15 (343)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 475 609 75 117 1,110 25 (316)

3.3 Other information on equity method investments

3.3.1 Unrecognized share of losses of associates and joint ventures

• the project management entities in the Middle East for an aggregate amount of €574 million. Commitments and guarantees given by the Group in respect of these project management entities chie ˳y correspond to:

• performance bonds and other guarantees for an amount of €170 million,

Cumulative unrecognized losses of associates (corresponding to the cumulative amount of losses exceeding the carrying amount of investments in the associates concerned) including other comprehensive income/(loss), amounted to -€6 million in 2025 (versus -€1 million in 2024).

3.3.2 Commitments and guarantees given by the Group in respect of equity method entities

• letters of credit to guarantee debt service reserve accounts for an aggregate amount of €148 million. The project ˱nancing set up in certain entities can require those entities to maintain a certain level of cash within the company (usually enough to service its debt for six months). This is particularly the case when the ˱nancing is without recourse. However, this level of cash may be replaced by letters of credit,

At December 31, 2025, the main commitments and guarantees given by the Group in respect of equity method entities concern:

• collateral given to lenders in the form of pledged shares in the project management entities, for an aggregate amount of €255 million;

• Ocean Winds for an amount of €0.99 billion mainly corresponding to equity contribution commitments for projects under construction for an amount of €0.97 billion.

• Energia Sustentável do Brasil (“Jirau”), for an aggregate amount of BRL 3,586 million (€555 million). On December 31, 2025, the loans granted by Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social, the Brazilian Development Bank, to Energia Sustentável do Brasil amounted to BRL 8,965 million (€1,387 million). Each partner stands as guarantor for this debt to the extent of its ownership interest in the consortium;

[Page 377] NOTE 4 MAIN CHANGES IN GROUP STRUCTURE AND OTHER HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

buyer and complete the plan has been initiated. To assess whether a sale is highly probable, the Group takes into consideration among other things indications of interest and offers received from potential buyers as well as speci˱c execution risks attached to certain transactions.

In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations , assets or groups of assets held for sale are presented separately on the face of the statement of ˱nancial position and are measured and accounted for at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.

If an asset classi˱ed as “held for sale” no longer meets the above conditions it will be reclassi˱ed in accordance with the standard.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Furthermore, assets or groups of assets are presented as discontinued operations in the Group's consolidated ˱nancial statements when they are classi˱ed as “held for sale” and represent a separate major line of business under IFRS 5.

An asset is classi˱ed as “held for sale” when its sale is highly probable within twelve months from the date of classi˱cation, when it is available for immediate sale under its present condition and when management is committed to a plan to sell the asset and an active program to locate a

4.1 Main changes in Group structure

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1.1 Disposals completed in 2025

The table below shows the impact of the main disposals and sale agreements of 2025 on the Group's ˱nancial net debt, excluding partial disposals with respect to DBSO or DBOO (1) activities:

In millions of euros Disposal price Reduction in ˱nancial net debt

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Partial disposal of the Group's equity-accounted stake in SAFIEC SA (“Sa ˱”) – Morocco 30 30

Disposal of gas-˱red power plants in Uch – Pakistan 90 11

Disposal of the remaining stake in Gaztransport & Technigaz (GTT) 280 280

Disposal of the stake in ENGIE Services US – United States 101 73

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Disposal of the Group's equity-accounted stake in E&E Algeria Touat BV (“Touat”) – Algeria 338 338

Sale of thermal assets (gas-˱red power plants and water desalination facilities) in the Middle East – Bahrain & Kuwait 416 364

Other disposals that are not material taken individually 341 223

Effects of classi˱cation as “assets classi˱ed as held for sale” - 59

TOTAL 1,596 1,378

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, the Group completed the disposal of several assets previously recognized as “Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale”:

• Gaztransport & Technigaz (GTT) – completion of the sale of ENGIE's residual stake in GTT on May 30, 2025. This transaction reduced the Group's ˱nancial net debt by €0.3 billion and generated a capital gain of €0.15 billion;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ENGIE Services US (ESUS) – sale, on June 12, 2025, of the Group’s stake in ESUS (a company providing energy solutions in the United States). This transaction, with a sale price of €0.1 billion, generated a capital gain of around €0.035 billion;

• Sa ˱ (coal-˱red power plant, Morocco) – sale, on January 21, 2025, of part (15.66%) of the Group's equityaccounted stake in SAFIEC SA (“Sa ˱”), which operates the Sa˱ coal plant in Morocco. This transaction reduced the Group's ˱nancial net debt by €0.03 billion, with no material impact on the income statement. In light of the changes in governance that took place in 2025, the Group's residual stake in Sa˱ (17.67%) is now accounted for as an equity instrument in accordance with IFRS 9;

• Uch (gas- ˱red power plants, Pakistan) – complete sale on April 15, 2025 of the Group’s two subsidiaries, Uch Power Limited and Uch-II Power Limited, that own and operate gas-˱red power plants in Pakistan. The sale price of €0.1 billion had no material impact on the Group's ˱nancial net debt or income statement;

• Touat (stake in the operation of the Touat gas ˱eld, Algeria ) – sale, on September 2, 2025, of the Group’s entire 46% equity interest in E&E Algeria Touat BV (the company which holds a 65% stake in the TouatGaz consortium, in partnership with Sonatrach, which operates the Touat gas ˱eld in Algeria). This transaction reduced the Group's ˱nancial net debt by €0.3 billion, with no material impact on the income statement;

(1) Develop, Build, Share and Operate, or Develop, Build, Own and Operate: models used in renewable energies based on the continuous rotation of capital employed.

[Page 378] the respective associated operating and maintenance (O&M) companies. This transaction reduced the Group's ˱nancial net debt by €0.4 billion and generated a capital gain of €0.025 billion.

The Group also carried out three disposals in the United States, without loss of control. The three transactions improved net ˱nancial debt by €1 billion (see the Note 16 Equity).

• Thermal assets in the Middle East (gas- ˱red power plants and water desalination facilities, Bahrain & Kuwait) – sale of the Group's interest on December 14, 2025 in Hidd Power Company, Al Dur Power and Water Company and Al Ezzel Power Company, three gas- ˱red power production and water desalination assets in Bahrain, and on December 30, 2025, in Az Zour North, a combined-cycle gas and water desalination asset in Kuwait, together with

Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale

Total “Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale” and total “Liabilities directly associated with assets classi˱ed as held for sale” amounted to €388 million and €310 million, respectively, at December 31, 2025.

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net 22

Other assets 367

TOTAL ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE 388

Borrowings and debt, net 59

Other liabilities 251

TOTAL LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE 310

4.1.2 Acquisitions completed in 2025

The following assets are classi ˱ed as held for sale since a sale is highly likely to be completed within 12 months:

In total, acquisitions carried out in 2025 (including ˱nancial investments in entities accounted for under the equity method) had an impact of €1.2 billion on net ˱nancial debt. The most material of these transactions was the acquisition,

• on March 19, 2025, of a 157 MW renewable energy portfolio in the United Kingdom, comprising three onshore wind farms and four solar farms. The transaction increased ˱nancial net debt by €0.2 billion;

• ENGIE Home Services (“EHS”) – agreement signed on December 14, 2025 with private equity ˱rm Latour Capital. EHS specializes in providing BtoC installation, maintenance and repair services for gas boilers and water heaters for domestic heating, and hot water. This transaction involves the complete sale of the ENGIE Home Services group and its subsidiaries. Due to the difference between the sale price and the book value of the assets, an impairment loss of €0.06 billion was recognized in the December 31, 2025 ˱nancial statements. Once ˱nalized, the transaction will have no material impact on the Group's net ˱nancial debt.

• on August 13, 2025, of two hydropower plants in Brazil with a combined installed capacity of 612 MW. The transaction increased ˱nancial net debt by €0.5 billion.

4.2 Other highlights of the year

Two Group Global Business Unit (GBU) bene˱t from these IRA mechanisms in their business model:

4.2.1 “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” tax reform in the United States

• Renewables & Flex Power, through its solar, wind, and battery activities;

• LEI Rest of World (RoW), through its Distributed Solar & Storage (DSS) business, which is in the process of being sold.

A US tax reform (the One Big Beautiful Bill Act) was signed into law by President Trump on July 4, 2025 providing for the scheduled phase-out of subsidies to renewable energies (IRA Investment Tax Credits and Production Tax Credits).

The law de ˱nes conditions for wind/solar and storage assets to receive tax credits depending on several criteria, relating in particular to “beginning of construction” and “placed in service” dates, and to restrictions on projects receiving “material assistance” from “Foreign Entities of Concern” (FEOC).

[Page 379] Renewables & Flex Power

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE has around €2.0 billion in capitalized costs related to US projects currently under construction. At this stage, and in light of the criteria mentioned above, these assets are not affected, as construction has already begun and the necessary equipment has been secured.

4.2.2 Closing of the agreement with the Belgian State on the ten-year extension of two reactors and on the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State

The Group also has €0.6 billion in intangible assets corresponding to capitalized development costs and pipelines of projects under development recognized through business combinations. These assets cover a range of technologies (onshore wind, solar, and storage) and are at different stages of development with various planned commissioning dates.

On March 14, 2025, ENGIE and the Belgian government completed the transaction covering the ten-year extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear reactors and the transfer of responsibility related to nuclear waste. This ˱nal step follows on from the European Commission's approval on February 21, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The agreements signed with the Belgian State in 2023 (Phoenix agreements) provided for:

• the ten-year extension of the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear reactors as part of a 50/50 partnership between the Belgian State and the Group, contingent upon the implementation of a contract for difference protecting ENGIE against market risks; and

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The analysis of the viability of projects under development took into account the progress made in sourcing key components, their origin, their potential use in different projects based on technologies, geographies, and production year, as well as the tax documentation still to be produced. This exercise led to the recognition of an impairment loss of approximately €100 million (see Note 9.1.1 Impairment losses recognized in 2025 and Note 13.4 Impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities).

• the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility to the Belgian State for managing nuclear waste and spent fuel in return for the payment of a lump-sum discharge amount of €15 billion 2022 , within the limit of a volumetric credit covering all nuclear waste produced by the Belgian power plants during their legal operating life, from commissioning to dismantling.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As a reminder, at December 31, 2024, ENGIE recorded an impairment loss of €133 million (Group share) on its US offshore projects through its investment in the Ocean Winds joint venture. These projects were valued by the Group taking into account a four-year time lag in their development schedule. After examining the impacts of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, the Group maintains the four-year delay as its central scenario and considers that this law has no additional impact on their recoverable value.

LEI Rest of World

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As agreed, the completion of the transaction resulted in the payment of the ˱rst installment to the Belgian State in March 2025 (€12.2 billion, including the Electrabel partners' share in certain power generation facilities) related to category B and C waste (highly radioactive waste intended for geological storage). This payment was partially settled through the monetization of a portion of the ˱nancial assets hedging nuclear provisions (€9.5 billion) (see “Change in working capital requirements” and “Change in loans and receivables originated by the Group and other” in the statement of cash ˳ows, Note 14.1.1.3 Loans and receivables at amortized cost, Note 17.2 Obligations relating to nuclear power generation facilities and Note 22.1 Composition of change in working capital requirements).

The Distributed Solar & Storage (DSS) business involves developing, installing, and operating solar panels for BtoB customers, based on the American development model with transfer of control to one or more partners when these assets are commissioned (DBSO model – Design, Build, Share and Operate). This business is also currently being sold as part of LEI Rest of World's strategic refocusing.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In this context of divestment and sharp contraction in the market for decentralized installations, which will soon no longer be subsidized, impairment testing resulted in a loss of approximately €250 million (see Note 13.4 Impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities).

On July 10, ENGIE recommissioned the Tihange 3 nuclear reactor and on October 8, reconnected Doel 4 to the grid after having launched a major overhaul to extend their operating life by ten years. The restart of the second reactor resulted in the payment of the second and ˱nal installment to the Belgian State (€3.6 billion including the Electrabel partners' share in certain power generation facilities) related to the transfer of responsibility for low-level radioactive category A waste for surface storage).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The two extended reactors, Doel 4 and Tihange 3, were transferred to BE-NUC, an entity owned equally by the Belgian State and ENGIE. Strategic and operational decisions are taken unanimously by both shareholders, giving ENGIE and the Belgian State joint control within the meaning of IFRS 11. As such, BE-NUC is accounted for as a joint venture.

The Doel 1, Tihange 1, and Doel 2 reactors were shut down on February 14, September 30 and November 30, 2025, respectively, in line with Belgium's nuclear phase-out schedule.

[Page 380] NOTE 5 FINANCIAL INDICATORS USED IN FINANCIAL COMMUNICATION

The purpose of this note is to present the main non-GAAP financial indicators used by the Group as well as their reconciliation with the indicators of the IFRS consolidated ˱nancial statements.

5.1 EBITDA

The reconciliation between EBITDA and current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities is as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities 9,113 9,820

Mark-to-market on commodity contracts other than trading instruments (29) 309

Net depreciation and amortization/Other 5,151 5,129

Share-based payments (IFRS 2) 111 97

Non-recurring share in net income of equity method entities 386 212

EBITDA 14,733 15,566

Nuclear 1,318 2,174

EBITDA EXCLUDING NUCLEAR 13,414 13,393

5.2 EBIT

The table below reconciles EBIT and with current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities 9,113 9,820

Mark-to-market on commodity contracts other than trading instruments (29) 309

Non-recurring share in net income of equity method entities 386 212

EBIT 9,471 10,341

Nuclear 714 1,448

EBIT EXCLUDING NUCLEAR 8,757 8,893

5.3 Net recurring income Group share (NriGs)

Net recurring income Group share is a ˱nancial indicator used by the Group in its ˱nancial reporting to present net income Group share adjusted for unusual, abnormal or non-recurring items.

The reconciliation of net income/(loss) with net recurring income Group share is as follows:

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

NET INCOME/(LOSS) GROUP SHARE 3,827 4,106

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 921 867

Net income/(loss) 4,748 4,973

Reconciliation items between “Current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities” and “Net income/(loss) from operating activities” 822 790

Impairment losses 9.1 778 709

Restructuring costs 9.2 303 369

Changes in scope of consolidation 9.3 (217) (439)

Other non-recurring items 9.4 (42) 151

[Page 381] In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Other adjusted items 256 636

Mark-to-market on commodity contracts other than trading instruments (29) 309

Ineffective portion of derivatives quali ˶ed as fair value hedges 10 21 (16)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Gains/(losses) on debt restructuring and early unwinding of derivative ˶nancial instruments 10 (4) -

Change in fair value of derivatives not quali ˶ed as hedges and ineffective portion of derivatives quali˶ed as cash ˸ow hedges 10 (24) 49

Non-recurring income/(loss) from debt instruments and equity instruments 10 (18) (98)

Other adjusted tax impacts (76) 181

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Non-recurring income/(loss) included in share in net income of equity method entities 386 212

Net recurring income/(loss) 5,826 6,399

Net recurring income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 930 867

NET RECURRING INCOME/(LOSS) GROUP SHARE 4,896 5,531

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.4 Industrial capital employed

The reconciliation of industrial capital employed with items in the statement of ˱nancial position is as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 (1)

(+) Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net 73,418 72,352

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Goodwill 13,110 13,291

(-) Goodwill Gaz de France ̶ SUEZ and International Power (2) (7,042) (7,188)

(+) IFRS 16 and IFRIC 12 receivables (2) 3,271 2,950

(+) Investments in equity method entities 7,192 8,373

(+) Financial assets set aside to cover nuclear provisions 5,654 12,896

(+) Initial Margins 706 1,823

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Trade and other receivables 13,573 16,173

(-) Margin calls (2)(3) (2,307) (3,556)

(+) Inventories 2,852 5,061

(+) Assets from contracts with customers 8,022 9,232

(+) Other current and non-current assets 11,258 13,304

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Deferred tax (5,410) (5,028)

(+) Cancellation of deferred tax on other recyclable items (2)(3) (314) (35)

(-) Provisions (17,968) (33,621)

(+) Actuarial gains and losses in shareholders' equity (net of deferred tax) (2) 550 1,170

(-) Trade and other payables (17,226) (19,153)

(+) Margin calls (2)(3) 2,081 1,990

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(-) Liabilities from contracts with customers (4,057) (3,971)

(-) Other current and non-current liabilities (16,189) (19,260)

INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL EMPLOYED 71,174 66,803

(1) Data at December 31, 2024 have been restated to re ˸ect an adjustment of €89 million corresponding to receivables related to the disposal of ˶nancial assets previously excluded from the calculation of industrial capital employed. (2) For the purpose of calculating industrial capital employed, the amounts recorded in respect of these items have been adjusted from those appearing in the statement of ˶nancial position. (3) Margin calls included in “Trade and other receivables, net” and “Trade and other payables” correspond to advances received or paid as part of collateralization agreements set up by the Group to manage counterparty risk on commodity transactions.

[Page 382] 5.5 Cash ˳ow from operations (CFFO)

The reconciliation of cash ˳ow from operations (CFFO) with items in the statement of cash ˳ows is as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Cash generated from operations before income tax and working capital requirements 13,525 14,401

Tax paid (1,016) (1,030)

Change in working capital requirements (13,986) (227)

Nuclear ̶ expenditure on power plant dismantling and reprocessing, fuel storage 15,860 435

Interest received on ˶nancial assets 295 475

Dividends received on equity investments (14) (12)

Interest paid (1,512) (1,732)

Interest received on cash and cash equivalents 489 750

Change in ˱nancial assets held for investment and ˱nancing purposes 459 (475)

(+) Change in ˶nancial assets held for investment or ˶nancing purposes recorded in the statement of ˶nancial position and other (459) 475

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS (CFFO) 13,641 13,060

5.6 Capital expenditure (CAPEX) and growth CAPEX

The table below reconciles capital expenditure (CAPEX) with items in the statement of cash ˳ows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 7,267 9,385

Acquisitions of controlling interests in entities, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 653 670

(+) Cash and cash equivalents acquired 72 184

Acquisitions of investments in equity method entities and joint operations 243 66

Acquisitions of equity and debt instruments 1,750 (1,693)

Change in loans and receivables originated by the Group and other (8,523) 4,289

(+) Other 2 (4)

Change in ownership interests in controlled entities (884) (743)

Disposal impacts relating to DBSO (1) activities (174) -

(-) Financial investments Synatom / Disposal of ˱nancial assets Synatom 7,410 (2,495)

(+) Change in scope – Acquisitions 129 311

TOTAL CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX) 7,946 9,970

(-) Maintenance CAPEX (2,681) (2,678)

TOTAL GROWTH CAPEX 5,264 7,292

(1) Develop, Build, Share & Operate; including Tax equity ˶nancing received.

[Page 383] 5.7 Net ˱nancial debt

The reconciliation of net ˱nancial debt with items in the statement of ˱nancial position is as follows:

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Long-term borrowings 14.2 & 14.3 43,235 42,880

(+) Short-term borrowings 14.2 & 14.3 11,333 9,127

(+) Derivative instruments – carried in liabilities 14.4 12,001 13,646

(-) Derivative instruments hedging commodities and other items (11,382) (13,083)

(-) Other ˱nancial assets 14.1 (12,789) (19,681)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(+) Loans and receivables at amortized cost not included in net ˶nancial debt 5,714 14,022

(+) Equity instruments at fair value 1,732 1,129

(+) Debt instruments at fair value not included in net ˶nancial debt 3,859 2,655

(-) Cash and cash equivalents 14.1 (14,507) (16,928)

(-) Derivative instruments ̶ carried in assets 14.4 (11,467) (13,055)

(+) Derivative instruments hedging commodities and other items 11,173 12,510

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NET FINANCIAL DEBT 38,902 33,223

5.8 Economic net debt

Economic net debt is as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Net ˱nancial debt 14.3 38,902 33,223

Provisions for back-end of the nuclear fuel cycle and dismantling of nuclear facilities 17 9,552 24,531

Other nuclear liabilities 17 - 822

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Provisions for dismantling of non-nuclear facilities 17 1,622 1,569

Post-employment bene ˱ts ̶ Pensions 18 427 827

(-) Infrastructures regulated companies 315 239

Post-employment bene ˱ts ̶ Reimbursement rights 18 (265) (260)

Post-employment bene ˱ts ̶ Other bene ˱ts 18 3,336 3,765

(-) Infrastructures regulated companies (2,151) (2,460)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Deferred tax assets for pensions and related obligations 11 (787) (918)

(-) Infrastructures regulated companies 436 513

Plan assets relating to nuclear provisions, inventories of uranium and receivables of Electrabel towards EDF 17 & 22 (6,205) (13,978)

ECONOMIC NET DEBT 45,182 47,874

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 384] NOTE 6 SEGMENT INFORMATION

6.1 Operating segments and reportable segments

The Group Executive Committee, which is the chief operating decision maker within the meaning of IFRS 8 – Operating Segments , leads operational and ˱nancial performance and allocates resources within the Group for each of the activities underlying the GBU: the “operating segments”. These “operating segments” are grouped together in “reportable segments” within the meaning of IFRS 8.

On January 16, 2025, ENGIE announced that it was reorganizing its Global Business Units (GBU) to meet the expectations of a constantly changing energy market characterized by increased need for ˳exible solutions to support the stability of power markets as renewables become a key source of generation and as demand grows among customers for a green energy supply, and to maximize value from its integrated model. The new organization was made effective on February 1, 2025.

This change has led to a shift in the Group's segment reporting. The relationship between the old and new segments is as follows:

Old organization

GBU and segments

GBU Reporting segment Operating segment

Infrastructures Renewables Retail Flex Gen Energy Solutions Nuclear Other

Renewables & BESS Renewables & BESS X X

Renewables & Flex Power

Gas Generation Europe X

Gas Generation

Gas Generation International X

Gas Infrastructure X

Networks Networks

Power Infrastructure X

Local Energy Infrastructures Local Energy Infrastructures X X

Energy Management Energy Management X

New organization

Supply & Energy Management

One BtoB One BtoB X

One BtoC One BtoC X

Nuclear Nuclear X

Other

Other

Local Energy Infrastructures Rest of World (LEI RoW) X

Other X X

As a result, comparative segment information for 2024 has been restated to re ˳ect the new organization that came into effect on February 1, 2025.

[Page 385] 6.2 Reportable segments and operating segments

6.2.1 De ˱nition of reportable segments

ENGIE is organized around:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

gas storage in Europe, and (iii) regasi ˱cation infrastructure in France and Chile. Apart from the historical infrastructure management activities, its asset portfolio also contributes to energy decarbonization and network greening (gradual integration of green gas, hydrogen-based projects, etc.).

• four Global Business Units (GBU) representing the Group’s four strategic activities: Renewables & Flex Power GBU, Networks GBU, Local Energy Infrastructures GBU, and Supply & Energy Management GBU;

• Local Energy Infrastructures meets the criteria of both an operating segment and a reportable segment.

• and “Other”, comprising two operating units: Nuclear and Local Energy Infrastructures RoW (“Rest of World”), Tractebel and certain holding companies.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.2.2 Description of reportable segments

Mainly in Europe (France, Germany, Italy, etc.), it encompasses the construction and management of decentralized energy networks to produce energy (heating and cooling networks, distributed power generation plants, distributed solar power parks, low-carbon mobility, low-carbon cities and public lighting, etc.) and related services (energy ef ˱ciency, technical maintenance, sustainable development consulting).

• Renewables & Flex Power comprises two reportable segments, Renewables & Batteries, and Gas Generation, divided into three operating segments: Renewables & Batteries, Gas Generation Europe and Gas Generation International.

• Supply and Energy Management includes three operating segments that are also considered reportable segments: Energy Management, One BtoB and One BtoC.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

It combines the Energy Management activities and is responsible, at the global level, for the supply of energy and the management of risk and optimization of assets on the markets. It also sells energy to companies and offers energy management services and solutions to support the decarbonization of the Group and its customers. Lastly, it includes all activities relating to the sale of gas and electricity to individual end customers, as well as services for residential customers.

It comprises all centralized renewable energy generation activities, including ˱nancing, construction, operation and maintenance of renewable energy facilities, using various energy sources such as hydroelectric, onshore wind, photovoltaic solar, biomass, offshore wind, and geothermal as well as activities to compensate for the intermittent nature of renewable energy by providing upstream ˳exibility (˳exible thermal generation and pumpor batteryoperated storage plants). It also includes the ˱nancing, construction and operation of desalination plants, whether or not connected to power plants (CCGT – Combined-Cycle Gas Turbines).

• Networks is a reportable segment comprising two operating segments: Gas Infrastructure and Power Infrastructure.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Other encompasses the activities of two operating segments, Nuclear and Local Energy Infrastructures Rest of World (mainly in North America, Brazil, Slovakia and the United Arab Emirates), as well as Tractebel, Corporate and holding companies. Nuclear, which is considered a reportable segment, encompasses all of the Group’s nuclear activities, with seven reactors in Belgium (four in Doel and three in Tihange), four of which are currently in operation, and drawing rights on an number of power plants in France.

It comprises the Group’s electricity and gas infrastructure activities and projects. These activities include the management and development of (i) gas and electricity transportation networks and natural gas distribution networks in and outside Europe, (ii) underground natural

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 386] 6.3 Key indicators by reportable segment

REVENUES

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

External revenues Intra-Group Revenues Total

In millions of euros

External revenues Intra-Group Revenues Total

Renewables & Flex Power 9,860 2,627 12,487 10,398 1,560 11,958

of which Renewables & BESS 5,560 339 5,899 6,010 170 6,180

of which Gas Generation 4,301 2,288 6,589 4,387 1,390 5,777

Networks 7,992 1,036 9,029 7,236 1,045 8,281

Local Energy Infrastructures 8,831 293 9,124 8,900 281 9,181

Supply & Energy Management 42,495 3,741 46,237 44,717 (2,646) 42,071

of which Energy Management 6,626 3,302 9,928 6,083 (3,095) 2,989

of which One BtoB 23,862 183 24,045 25,174 156 25,330

of which One BtoC 11,926 256 12,182 13,316 292 13,608

Other 2,765 2,705 5,470 2,560 3,707 6,267

Nuclear 539 2,654 3,193 68 3,664 3,732

Other 2,226 51 2,277 2,492 43 2,535

Elimination of intercompany transactions (10,402) (10,402) (3,947) (3,947)

TOTAL REVENUES 71,944 - 71,944 73,812 - 73,812

PURCHASES AND OPERATING DERIVATIVES

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power (4,349) (4,391)

of which Renewables & BESS (1,456) (1,861)

of which Gas Generation (2,881) (2,510)

Networks (1,243) (1,154)

Local Energy Infrastructures (6,117) (6,076)

Supply & Energy Management (37,290) (39,108)

of which Energy Management (4,674) (4,258)

of which One BtoB (22,093) (23,231)

of which One BtoC (10,461) (11,513)

Other (47) 1,264

Nuclear 934 2,595

Other (982) (1,330)

TOTAL PURCHASES AND OPERATING DERIVATIVES (1) (49,047) (49,465)

(1) Of which net income of €29 million in 2025 relating to MtM on commodity contracts other than trading (compared to a net expense of €309 million in 2024), notably on certain economic gas and electricity hedging positions not documented as cash ˸ow hedges, mainly in Energy Management.

[Page 387] PERSONNEL COSTS

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power (1,129) (1,104)

of which Renewables & BESS (692) (665)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which Gas Generation (394) (402)

Networks (2,045) (2,018)

Local Energy Infrastructures (1,971) (2,047)

Supply & Energy Management (1,160) (1,150)

of which Energy Management (456) (458)

of which One BtoB (212) (199)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which One BtoC (471) (465)

Other (2,343) (2,305)

Nuclear (385) (325)

Other (1,958) (1,980)

TOTAL PERSONNEL COSTS (8,648) (8,623)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power (1,380) (1,205)

of which Renewables & BESS (1,030) (852)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which Gas Generation (344) (343)

Networks (1,926) (1,916)

Local Energy Infrastructures (460) (466)

Supply & Energy Management (469) (494)

of which Energy Management (166) (184)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which One BtoB (93) (92)

of which One BtoC (208) (216)

Other (917) (1,047)

Nuclear (604) (725)

Other (313) (322)

TOTAL DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION (5,151) (5,129)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBITDA

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power 4,962 4,903

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which Renewables & BESS 3,599 3,304

of which Gas Generation 1,438 1,647

Networks 4,975 4,338

Local Energy Infrastructures 939 954

Supply & Energy Management 2,824 3,599

of which Energy Management 829 1,517

of which One BtoB 1,293 1,172

of which One BtoC 733 923

Other (286) (400)

Other (286) (400)

TOTAL EBITDA EXCLUDING NUCLEAR 13,414 13,393

Nuclear 1,318 2,174

TOTAL EBITDA 14,733 15,566

[Page 388] EBIT

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power 3,577 3,695

of which Renewables & BESS 2,567 2,451

of which Gas Generation 1,093 1,303

Networks 3,054 2,430

Local Energy Infrastructures 482 491

Supply & Energy Management 2,357 3,101

of which Energy Management 665 1,330

of which One BtoB 1,200 1,080

of which One BtoC 525 707

Other (714) (823)

Other (714) (823)

TOTAL EBIT EXCLUDING NUCLEAR 8,757 8,893

Nuclear 714 1,448

TOTAL EBIT 9,471 10,341

SHARE IN NET INCOME/(LOSS) OF EQUITY METHOD ENTITIES

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power 286 282

of which Renewables & BESS (4) (4)

of which Gas Generation 290 286

Networks 400 411

Local Energy Infrastructures 55 96

Supply & Energy Management 10 10

of which Energy Management - -

of which One BtoB 10 10

of which One BtoC - -

Other (129) 52

Nuclear 66 -

Other (195) 52

TOTAL SHARE IN NET INCOME/(LOSS) OF EQUITY METHOD ENTITIES 622 850

INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL EMPLOYED

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 (1)

Renewables & Flex Power 35,158 33,969

of which Renewables & BESS 30,407 28,492

of which Gas Generation 4,850 5,520

Networks 24,831 24,927

Local Energy Infrastructures 6,857 6,837

Supply & Energy Management 4,003 6,354

of which Energy Management 4,244 6,015

of which One BtoB 243 621

of which One BtoC (470) (271)

Other 325 (5,284)

Nuclear (1,646) (9,655)

Other 1,971 4,372

TOTAL INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL EMPLOYED 71,174 66,803

(1) Data at December 31, 2024, have been restated to re ˸ect an adjustment of €89 million corresponding to receivables related to the disposal of ˶nancial assets previously excluded from the calculation of industrial capital employed.

[Page 389] CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX)

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power 3,774 5,668

of which Renewables & BESS 3,216 5,230

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which Gas Generation 539 429

Networks 2,232 2,353

Local Energy Infrastructures 747 910

Supply & Energy Management 471 435

of which Energy Management 128 101

of which One BtoB 121 117

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which One BtoC 204 161

Other 721 605

Nuclear 335 244

Other 386 360

TOTAL CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX) 7,946 9,970

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GROWTH CAPEX

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Renewables & Flex Power 3,250 5,193

of which Renewables & BESS 2,974 5,010

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which Gas Generation 258 175

Networks 836 945

Local Energy Infrastructures 589 736

Supply & Energy Management 265 236

of which Energy Management 36 18

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of which One BtoB 76 70

of which One BtoC 137 93

Other 324 182

Nuclear 220 78

Other 104 104

TOTAL GROWTH CAPEX 5,264 7,292

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 390] 6.4 Key indicators by geographic area

The amounts set out below are analyzed by:

• destination of products and services sold for revenues;

• geographic location of consolidated companies for industrial capital employed.

Revenues Industrial capital employed

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 (1)

France 28,968 32,623 30,459 33,471

Belgium 8,068 6,808 400 (7,024)

Other EU countries 16,806 15,869 9,109 8,611

Other European countries 4,689 4,966 2,229 2,166

North America 5,807 5,525 11,051 11,859

Asia, Middle East & Oceania 2,720 3,185 3,758 4,107

South America 4,607 4,458 12,626 11,967

Africa 278 379 1,543 1,646

TOTAL 71,944 73,812 71,174 66,803

(1) Data at December 31, 2024, have been restated to re ˸ect an adjustment of €89 million corresponding to receivables related to the disposal of ˶nancial assets previously excluded from the calculation of industrial capital employed.

Due to the variety of its businesses and their geographical location, the Group operates in a very diverse range of situations and for a variety of customer types (industry, local authorities and individual customers). Accordingly, no external customer represents individually 10% or more of the Group’s consolidated revenues.

NOTE 7 REVENUES

7.1 Revenues

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Belgium, an analysis of the energy sales contracts and of the related regulatory framework is carried out to determine whether the distribution or transportation services invoiced to the customers have to be excluded from the revenues recognized under IFRS 15.

Revenues from contracts with customers concern revenues from contracts that fall within the scope of IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Revenues are recognized when the customer obtains control of goods or services promised in the contract, for the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for said promised goods or services.

A contractual analysis of the Group’s sale contracts has led to the application of the following revenue recognition principles:

• Gas, electricity and other energies

Revenues from sales of gas, electricity and other energies are recognized upon delivery of the power to the retail, business or industrial customer.

Judgment may be exercised by the Group for this analysis in order to determine whether the energy provider acts as an agent or a principal for the gas or electricity distribution or transportation services reinvoiced to the customers. The main criteria used by the Group to exercise its judgment and conclude, in certain countries, that the energy provider acts as an agent of the infrastructure operator are as follows: who is primarily responsible for ful ˱llment of the distribution or transportation services? Does the energy provider have the ability to commit to capacity reservation contracts towards the infrastructure operator? To what extent does the energy provider have discretion in establishing the price for the distribution or transportation services?

Power deliveries are monitored in real time or on a deferred basis for those customers whose energy consumption is metered during the accounting period, in which case the portion of not yet metered revenues “in the meter” is estimated on the closing date.

• Gas, electrical and other energy infrastructures

• Constructions, installations, Operations and Maintenance (O&M)

Revenues derived by gas and electricity infrastructure operators upon providing transportation or distribution or storage capacities, are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term.

Construction and installation contracts mainly concern assets built on the premises of customers such as cogeneration units, heaters or other energy-ef ˱ciency assets. The related revenues are usually recognized according to the percentage of completion on the basis of the costs incurred where the contracts fall within the scope of IFRS 15.

In the countries where the Group acts as an energy provider (supplier) without being in charge of its distribution or transportation, mainly in France and

[Page 391] O&M contracts generally require the Group to perform services ensuring the availability of power generating facilities. These services are performed over time and the related revenues are recognized according to the percentage of completion on the basis of the costs incurred.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Revenues from other contracts, corresponding to revenues from operations that do not fall within the scope of IFRS 15, presented in the “Others” column include trading, lease and concession income, as well as any ˱nancial component of operating services, and the effects of the tariff shield mechanisms.

If it is not possible to conclude from the contractual analysis that the contract falls within the scope of IFRS 15, the revenues are accounted for as non-IFRS 15 revenues.

The table below shows a breakdown of revenues by type:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Sales of gas

Sales of electricity and other energies

Sales of services linked to infrastructures

Constructions, installations, and O&M Others Dec. 31, 2025

Renewables & Flex Power 192 8,398 299 557 414 9,860

of which Renewables & BESS - 4,936 119 231 273 5,560

of which Gas Generation 192 3,462 179 326 140 4,301

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks 173 16 6,992 626 186 7,992

Local Energy Infrastructures 175 3,722 105 4,756 72 8,831

Supply & Energy Management 18,162 22,198 629 217 1,289 42,495

of which Energy Management 4,396 1,106 443 6 674 6,626

of which One BtoB 7,490 15,800 90 13 469 23,862

of which One BtoC 6,276 5,292 96 140 123 11,926

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other 14 158 15 2,463 116 2,765

Nuclear - 69 9 365 95 539

Other 14 88 6 2,098 20 2,226

TOTAL REVENUES 18,716 34,492 8,040 8,619 2,077 71,944

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Constructions, installations, and O&M Others Dec. 31, 2024

Sales of services linked to infrastructures

In millions of euros Sales of gas

Sales of electricity and other energies

Renewables & Flex Power 361 8,487 425 669 457 10,398

of which Renewables & BESS - 5,334 200 214 262 6,010

of which Gas Generation 361 3,153 225 453 195 4,387

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks 133 19 6,451 448 185 7,236

Local Energy Infrastructures 259 3,550 94 4,922 76 8,900

Supply & Energy Management 17,945 23,305 374 350 2,742 44,717

of which Energy Management 3,142 916 231 12 1,783 6,083

of which One BtoB 8,294 16,390 76 19 395 25,174

of which One BtoC 6,509 5,998 68 209 532 13,316

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other 15 95 14 2,402 34 2,560

Nuclear - 12 10 28 18 68

Other 15 83 4 2,374 16 2,492

TOTAL REVENUES 18,712 35,455 7,359 8,792 3,494 73,812

[Page 392] 7.2 Trade and other receivables, assets and liabilities from contracts with customers

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Trade and other receivables and assets from contracts with customers are tested for impairment in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9 on expected credit losses.

On initial recognition, trade and other receivables are recorded at their transaction price as de ˱ned in IFRS 15.

A contract asset is an entity’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that have been transferred to a customer but for which payment is not yet due or is contingent on the satisfaction of a speci˱c condition stipulated in the contract. When an amount becomes due, it is transferred to receivables.

The impairment model for ˱nancial assets is based on the expected credit loss model. To calculate expected losses, the Group uses a matrix for trade receivables and assets from contracts with customers, for which the change in credit risk is monitored on a portfolio basis. The change in credit risk of for large customers and other large counterparties is monitored on an individual basis.

See Note 15 Risks arising from ˱nancial instruments for the Group’s assessment of counterparty risk.

A receivable is recorded when the entity has an unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration.

Fair value

The carrying amount of trade and other receivables, assets and liabilities from contracts with customers represents a reasonable estimate of their fair value.

A contract liability is an entity’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has already received consideration from the customer. The liability is derecognized upon recognition of the corresponding revenue.

7.2.1 Trade and other receivables and assets from contracts with customers

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Trade and other receivables 13,573 16,173

Of which IFRS 15 6,101 6,880

Of which non-IFRS 15 (1) 7,473 9,292

Assets from contracts with customers 8,022 9,232

Accrued income and unbilled revenues 5,547 6,874

Energy in the meter (2) 2,475 2,358

(1) Most of which relate to commodity, ˶nancial or physical delivery commodity contracts, accounted for as derivatives in accordance with IFRS 9. (2) Net of advance payments.

At December 31, 2025, the most signi ˱cant assets from contracts mainly concerned Supply & Energy Management (€4,628 million) and Local Energy Infrastructures (€1,970 million).

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Allowances and expected credit losses Net

In millions of euros

Allowances and expected credit losses Net Gross

Gross

Trade and other receivables 16,456 (2,883) 13,573 18,487 (2,314) 16,173

Assets from contracts with customers 8,071 (49) 8,022 9,290 (58) 9,232

TOTAL 24,527 (2,932) 21,595 27,777 (2,372) 25,405

Gas and electricity in the meter

with a reasonable degree of accuracy and subsequently ensure that risks of error associated with estimating quantities sold and the related revenues can be considered as immaterial.

For customers whose energy consumption is metered during the accounting period, the gas supplied but not yet metered at the reporting date is estimated based on historical data, consumption statistics and estimated selling prices.

In France and Belgium, un-metered revenues (“gas in the meter”) are calculated using a direct method taking into account customers’ estimated consumption since the last invoice or metering not yet billed. These estimates are in line with the volume of energy allocated by the grid managers over the same period. “Gas in the meter” is measured based on the contract price or average price depending on the delivery month and takes into account the category of customer and the age of the delivered unbilled “gas in the meter”.

For sales on networks used by a large number of grid operators, the Group is allocated a certain volume of energy transiting through the networks by the grid managers. As the ˱nal consumptions are sometimes only known several months down the line, revenue ˱gures cannot be determined with absolute certainty. However, the Group has developed measuring and modeling tools allowing it to estimate revenues

[Page 393] The portion of unbilled revenues at the reporting date varies according to the assumptions used regarding volume and average price.

Realized but not yet metered revenues (“un-metered revenues”) totaled €4,762 million at December 31, 2025 for France and Belgium (€4,996 million at December 31, 2024).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

“Electricity in the meter” is also determined using a direct allocation method similar to that used for gas, but taking into account speci ˱c factors related to electricity consumption. It is also measured on a customer-by-customer basis or by customer type.

7.2.2 Liabilities from contracts with customers

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Non-current Current Total Non-current Current Total

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Liabilities from contracts with customers 451 3,606 4,057 153 3,818 3,971

Advances and downpayments received 31 3,083 3,114 50 2,995 3,045

Deferred revenues 419 524 943 103 822 926

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, the Global Business Units, reporting greatest amounts of liabilities from contracts with customers, were Supply & Energy Management (€1,948 million) and Local Energy Infrastructures (€1,596 million).

7.3 Revenues relating to performance obligations not yet satis ˱ed

Revenues relating to performance obligations only partially satis ˱ed at December 31, 2025 amounted to €688 million (compared to €563 million at December 31, 2024). They mainly concern Local Energy Infrastructures (for €584 million) which handles a large number of construction, installation, and maintenance contracts under which revenues are recognized over time.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 8 OPERATING EXPENSES

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Operating expenses include:

• purchases and operating derivatives including:

• purchases of services and other items such as subcontracting and interim expenses, lease expenses (short-term lease contracts, leases with a low underlying asset value or leases with variable expenses), concession expenses, etc.;

• the purchase of commodities and associated costs (infrastructure, transport, storage, etc.),

• personnel costs;

• depreciation, amortization, and provisions;

• taxes.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the realized impact, as well as the change in fair value (MtM), of commodity transactions, with or without physical delivery, that fall within the scope of IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and that do not qualify as trading or hedging. These contracts are set up as part of economic hedges of operating transactions in the energy sector;

8.1 Purchases and operating derivatives

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Purchases and other income and expenses on operating derivatives other than trading (1) (41,120) (42,048)

Service and other purchases (2) (7,926) (7,417)

PURCHASES AND OPERATING DERIVATIVES (49,047) (49,465)

(1) Of which a net income of €29 million in 2025 relating to MtM on commodity contracts other than trading (compared to a net expense of €309 million in 2024), notably on certain economic gas and electricity hedging positions not documented as cash ˸ow hedges, mainly in Energy Management. (2) Of which €62 million in 2025 in lease expenses not included in the IFRS 16 lease liability (compared to €72 million in lease expenses in 2024).

The slight decrease in purchases and operating derivatives is mainly due to changes to MtM positions on commodity contracts other than trading, linked with the return to normal energy prices.

[Page 394] 8.2 Personnel costs

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Short-term bene ˱ts (8,260) (8,175)

Share-based payments 19 (112) (97)

Costs related to de˱ned bene˱t plans 18.3.4 (188) (263)

Costs related to de˱ned contribution plans 18.4 (88) (88)

PERSONNEL COSTS (8,648) (8,623)

8.3 Depreciation, amortization and provisions

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Depreciation and amortization 13 (5,151) (5,129)

Net change in write-downs of inventories, trade receivables and other assets (565) (469)

Net change in provisions 17 324 50

DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION AND PROVISIONS (5,392) (5,547)

At December 31, 2025, depreciation and amortization mainly break down as €1,150 million for intangible assets and €4,001 million for property, plant and equipment.

8.4 Taxes

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

TAXES (1,845) (2,391)

production activities, in particular the decrease in the water fee payable by CNR and the reduction in taxes associated with Electrabel's nuclear activities.

Taxes at end-2025 totaled €1,845 million, down €546 million on 2024. This decrease is due to the elimination of the inframarginal tax on electricity production in France. It also results from the reduction in fees and taxes related to

NOTE 9 OTHER ITEMS OF NET INCOME/(LOSS) FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

• subsequent changes in the fair value of contingent consideration,

Other items of Net income/(loss) from operating activities include:

• “Impairment losses”: this line includes impairment losses on goodwill, other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investments in entities consolidated using the equity method;

• gains or losses from disposals of investments which result in a change of consolidation method, as well as any impact from the remeasurement of retained interests with the exception of gains and losses arising from transactions realized in the framework of “Develop, Build, Share & Operate” (DBSO) or “Develop, Share, Build & Operate” (DSBO) business models. As they are part of the recurring rotation of the Group’s capital employed, these transactions are recognized in current operating income subject to certain criteria being met (notably their recurrence);

• “Restructuring costs”: this line concerns costs corresponding to a restructuring program planned and controlled by management that materially changes either the scope of a business undertaken by the entity, or the manner in which that business is conducted, based on the criteria set out in IAS 37;

• “Changes in scope of consolidation”. This line includes:

“Other non-recurring items”: this line includes other elements of an unusual, abnormal or infrequent nature.

• direct costs related to acquisitions of controlling interests,

• in a business combination achieved in stages, remeasurement at fair value at the acquisition date of the previously held interest,

[Page 395] 9.1 Impairment losses

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

IMPAIRMENT LOSSES:

Goodwill 13.1 (105) (66)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 13.2 & 13.3 (720) (893)

Investments in equity method entities and related provisions - (124)

Total impairment losses (825) (1,083)

REVERSAL OF IMPAIRMENT LOSSES:

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 48 39

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Investments in equity method entities and related provisions - 334

Total reversals of impairment losses 48 373

TOTAL (778) (709)

9.1.1 Impairment losses recognized in 2025

9.1.2 Impairment losses recognized in 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Impairment losses recognized in 2025 amounted to €778 million and related in particular disposals not yet completed at December 31, 2025 for €257 million, mainly:

Impairment losses recognized in 2024 amounted to €709 million and related in particular to disposals, representing €247 million:

• former gas plant sites in France (€125 million);

• thermal power generation assets in Pakistan (€205 million);

• assets within the Local Energy Infrastructures Rest of World scope (€66 million);

• part of the equity accounted stake in Sa ˱, Morocco (€54 million);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ENGIE Home Services (€61 million).

• entities holding solar supply solutions and pay-as-you-go mini-grid assets in Africa (€225 million);

Other impairment losses recognized in 2025 mainly concerned:

• the equity accounted stake in E&E Algeria Touat BV in Algeria (impairment reversal of €171 million);

• onshore Renewables & BESS assets in North America (€143 million), India (€68 million) and France (€25 million);

• Nuclear goodwill (€105 million);

• the equity accounted stake in Senoko, Singapore (impairment reversal of €66 million).

• Local Energy Infrastructures assets in France (€90 million);

Other impairment losses recognized in 2024 concerned:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• various assets with a non-material unitary value.

• Local Energy Infrastructures assets in France (€108 million);

• Local Energy Infrastructures Rest of World assets in North America (€73 million);

These impairment losses mainly concerned intangible assets, property, plant and equipment. Considering the effects of deferred taxes and the portion of impairment losses attributable to non controlling interests, the impact of the impairment losses on net income Group share amounted to €657 million in 2025.

• onshore renewable energy production assets in North America (€91 million) and hydro assets in Brazil (reversal of impairment recognized against an equity accounted company for €80 million);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• EVBox assets (€96 million) following the decision to cease operations;

With the exception of the effects arising from the decisions to dispose of non-strategic assets, no impairment losses were recognized on non- ˱nancial assets as a result of measures to prevent or mitigate climate risks or to achieve the 2045 net zero-carbon objective.

• other production or support assets for less signi ˱cant amounts taken individually.

Impairment tests are carried out in accordance with the procedures described in Note 13.4 Impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

9.2 Restructuring costs

In 2025, restructuring costs amounted to €303 million (compared with €369 million in 2024), mainly including costs related to staff reduction plans and measures to adapt to the economic situation, particularly in Other for €166 million,

Local Energy Infrastructures for €75 million and One BtoC for €35 million, as well as costs related to the shutdown or sale of operations and the closure or restructuring of certain facilities.

[Page 396] 9.3 Changes in scope of consolidation

• €35 million on the disposal of ENGIE Services US (ESUS), completed on June 12, 2025, a company providing energy solutions in the United States;

At December 31, 2025, the impact of changes in scope of consolidation (see Note 4.1.1 Disposals completed in 2025) was a positive €217 million (compared with a positive €439 million at December 31, 2024) and mainly comprised:

• €25 million on the disposal of power generation and desalination assets in Kuwait and Bahrain;

• €148 million on the disposal of the remaining interests in Gaztransport et Technigaz, completed on May 30, 2025;

• €9 million relating to miscellaneous disposals that are not individually signi ˱cant.

9.4 Other non-recurring items

Other non-recurring items amounted to €42 million at December 31, 2025 (compared with -€151 million at December 31, 2024).

NOTE 10 NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(LOSS)

In millions of euros Expense Income Dec. 31, 2025 Expense Income Dec. 31, 2024

Interest expense on gross debt and hedges (1,986) - (1,986) (2,107) - (2,107)

Cost of lease liabilities (161) - (161) (126) - (126)

Foreign exchange gains/losses on borrowings and hedges (41) - (41) (12) - (12)

Ineffective portion of derivatives quali ˱ed as fair value hedges (21) - (21) - 16 16

Gains and losses on cash and cash equivalents and liquid debt instruments held for cash investment purposes - 532 532 - 803 803

Capitalized borrowing costs 310 - 310 308 - 308

Cost of net debt (1,900) 532 (1,368) (1,936) 819 (1,117)

Gains/(losses) on debt restructuring transactions - 4 4 - - -

Gains/(losses) on debt restructuring and early unwinding of derivative ˱nancial instruments - 4 4 - - -

Net interest expense on post-employment bene ˱ts and other long-term bene˱ts (152) - (152) (157) - (157)

Unwinding of discounting adjustments to other long term provisions (586) - (586) (885) - (885)

Change in fair value of derivatives not quali ˱ed as hedges and ineffective portion of derivatives quali˱ed as cash ˳ow hedges 26 - 26 (53) - (53)

Income/(loss) from debt instruments and equity instruments (328) 361 33 (73) 120 47

Interest income on loans and receivables at amortized cost - 64 64 - 306 306

Other (55) 59 5 (740) 757 17

Other ˱nancial income and expenses (1,094) 485 (609) (1,909) 1,184 (725)

NET FINANCIAL INCOME/(LOSS) (2,994) 1,021 (1,973) (3,845) 2,003 (1,842)

[Page 397] NOTE 11 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group calculates taxes in accordance with prevailing tax legislation in the countries where income is taxable.

A deferred tax liability is recognized for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and branches, except if the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net balances of deferred taxes are calculated based on the tax position of each company or on the total income of companies included within the relevant consolidated tax group, and are presented in assets or liabilities for their net amount per tax entity.

Deferred taxes are reviewed at each reporting date to take into account factors including the impact of changes in tax laws and the prospects of recovering deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Tax effects relating to coupon payments on deeplysubordinated perpetual notes are recognized in pro˱t or loss.

In accordance with IAS 12, deferred taxes are recognized according to the liability method on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated ˱nancial statements and their tax bases, using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. However, under the provisions of IAS 12, no deferred tax is recognized for temporary differences arising from goodwill for which impairment losses are not deductible for tax purposes, or from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which (i) is not a business combination and (ii) at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting income nor taxable income. In addition, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized.

11.1 Income tax expense recognized in the income statement

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

11.1.1 Breakdown of income tax expense recognized in the income statement

The income tax expense recognized in the income statement for 2025 amounted to €1,570 million (compared to a €2,215 million income tax expense in 2024). It breaks down as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Current income taxes (1,073) (1,679)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Deferred taxes (498) (536)

TOTAL INCOME TAX EXPENSE RECOGNIZED IN INCOME (1,570) (2,215)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 398] 11.1.2 Reconciliation of theoretical income tax expense with actual income tax expense

A reconciliation of theoretical income tax expense with the Group’s actual income tax expense is presented below:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Net income/(loss) 4,748 4,973

Share in net income of equity method entities 622 1,060

Income tax expense (1,570) (2,215)

Income/(loss) before income tax of consolidated companies (A) 5,697 6,128

Of which French companies 842 654

Of which companies outside France 4,855 5,474

Statutory income tax rate of the parent company (B) 25.8% 25.8%

Theoretical income tax expense (C) = (A) X (B) (1,471) (1,582)

RECONCILING ITEMS BETWEEN THEORETICAL AND ACTUAL INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Difference between statutory tax rate applicable to the parent and statutory tax rate in force in jurisdictions in France and abroad 35 (15)

Permanent differences (1) (113) (57)

Income taxed at a reduced rate or tax-exempt (2) 118 (2)

Additional tax expense (3) (356) (75)

Effect of unrecognized deferred tax assets on tax loss carry-forwards and other tax‑deductible temporary differences (4) 25 (577)

Recognition or utilization of tax income on previously unrecognized tax loss carry‑forwards and other tax-deductible temporary differences (5) 88 62

Impact of changes in tax rates (2) (4)

Tax credits and other tax reductions (6) 76 56

Other (7) 28 (21)

INCOME TAX EXPENSE RECOGNIZED IN INCOME (1,571) (2,215)

(1) Mainly includes disallowable impairment losses on goodwill, operating expenses added-back and the deduction of interest expenses arising from hybrid debt. (2) Mainly includes capital gains on disposals of securities exempt from tax or taxed at a reduced rate in some tax jurisdictions, the impact of the speci ˶c tax regimes used by some entities, disallowable impairment losses and capital losses on securities, and the impact of untaxed income from remeasuring previously-held (or retained) equity interests in connection with acquisitions and changes in consolidation methods. (3) Mainly includes tax on dividends resulting from the parent company tax regime, withholding tax on dividends and interest levied in several tax jurisdictions, the one-off surtax imposed on the pro˶ts of large companies in France, allocations to provisions for income tax, and regional and ˸at‑rate corporate taxes. (4) Includes (i) the cancellation of the net deferred tax asset position for some tax entities in the absence of suf˶cient net income and pro˶t forecasts (see Note 11.4 “Unrecognized differed taxes” and (ii) the impact of disallowable impairment losses on ˶xed assets. (5) Includes the impact of the recognition of net deferred tax asset positions for some tax entities. (6) Mainly includes, tax credits in the United States and in France and other tax reductions. (7) Mainly includes the correction of previous tax charges.

The Group did not record any signi ˱cant expense in connection with the implementation of the OECD Pillar Two rules, establishing a minimum tax.

[Page 399] 11.1.3 Analysis of the deferred tax income/(expense) recognized in the income statement, by type of temporary difference

Impact in the income statement

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

Tax loss carry-forwards (653) 54

Pension and related obligations 29 37

Non-deductible provisions (655) (985)

Difference between the carrying amount of PP&E and intangible assets and their tax bases 20 (241)

Measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value (IAS 32/IFRS 9) 1,405 1,073

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other (517) 194

Total (370) 132

DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES:

Difference between the carrying amount of PP&E and intangible assets and their tax bases 61 455

Measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value (IAS 32/IFRS 9) (183) (1,293)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other (6) 169

Total (128) (668)

DEFERRED TAX INCOME/(EXPENSE) (498) (536)

11.2 Deferred tax income/(expense) recognized in “Other comprehensive income”

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net deferred tax income/(expense) recognized in “Other comprehensive income” is broken down by component as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Equity and debt instruments (34) -

Actuarial gains and losses (214) (74)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net investment hedges (170) 68

Cash ˳ow hedges on other items 502 (862)

Cash ˳ow hedges on net debt 6 32

Total excluding share of equity method entities 91 (837)

Share of equity method entities (25) 54

TOTAL 65 (784)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

11.3 Deferred taxes presented in the statement of ˱nancial position

11.3.1 Change in deferred taxes

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in deferred taxes recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position, after netting deferred tax assets and liabilities by tax entity, break down as follows:

In millions of euros Assets Liabilities Net position

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 847 (5,875) (5,028)

Impact on net income for the year (370) (128) (498)

Impact on other comprehensive income items 282 (196) 86

Impact of changes in scope of consolidation (14) (13) (27)

Impact of translation adjustments (117) 184 67

Transfers to assets and liabilities classi ˱ed as held for sale (39) 15 (24)

Other - 14 14

Impact of netting by tax entity 84 (84) -

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 673 (6,083) (5,410)

[Page 400] 11.3.2 Analysis of the net deferred tax position recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position (before netting deferred tax assets and liabilities by tax entity), by type of temporary difference

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Measurement of recognized tax loss carry-forwards

Deferred tax assets are recognized on tax loss carryforwards when it is probable that taxable pro ˱t will be available against which the tax loss carry-forwards can be utilized. The probability that taxable pro˱t will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilized, is based

on taxable temporary differences relating to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity and estimates of future taxable pro˱ts. These estimates and utilizations of tax loss carry-forwards were prepared on the basis of pro˱t and loss forecasts over a six-year tax projection period as included in the medium-term business plan approved by Management, subject to exceptions justi˱ed by a particular context and, if necessary, on the basis of additional forecasts.

Statement of ˱nancial position at

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS:

Tax loss carry-forwards 1,548 2,217

Pension obligations 787 918

Non-deductible provisions 348 1,048

Difference between the carrying amount of PP&E and intangible assets and their tax bases 1,931 1,493

Measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value (IAS 32/IFRS 9) 6,275 9,088

Other 525 639

Total 11,414 15,403

DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES:

Difference between the carrying amount of PP&E and intangible assets and their tax bases (10,097) (9,802)

Measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value (IAS 32/IFRS 9) (5,903) (9,853)

Other (824) (776)

Total (16,823) (20,431)

NET DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (5,410) (5,027)

In accordance with the amendment to IAS 12, no deferred tax is recognized in respect of the future implementation of the OECD Pillar Two rules.

11.4 Unrecognized deferred taxes

carried forward did not give rise to the full or partial recognition of a deferred tax asset due to the absence of pro˱ts or suf˱cient pro˱t forecasts to date.

At December 31, 2025, the tax effect of unused tax loss carry-forwards not recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position amounted to €5,123 million (€4,660 million at December 31, 2024). Most of these unrecognized tax losses relate to companies based in countries which allow losses to be carried forward inde˱nitely (mainly Belgium, the Netherlands, the United States and Australia). These tax losses

The tax effect of other tax-deductible temporary differences not recorded in the statement of ˱nancial position was €905 million at end-December 2025 versus €1,783 million at end-December 2024.

[Page 401] NOTE 12 EARNINGS PER SHARE

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In compliance with IAS 33 – Earnings per S hare, earnings per share and diluted earnings per share are based on net income/(loss) Group share after deduction of payments to bearers of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (see Note 16.2.1 Issuance of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes).

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income Group share for the year by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. The average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year is the number of ordinary shares outstanding at the beginning of the year, adjusted by the number of ordinary shares bought back or issued during the year.

The Group’s dilutive instruments included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share include bonus shares and performance shares granted in the form of ENGIE securities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For the diluted earnings per share calculation, the weighted average number of shares and basic earnings per share are adjusted to take into account the impact of the conversion or exercise of any dilutive potential ordinary shares (options, warrants and convertible bonds, etc.).

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Numerator (in millions of euros)

Net income/(loss) Group share 3,827 4,106

Interest from deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (140) (76)

Net income/(loss)used to calculate earnings per share 3,688 4,030

Net recurring income/(loss) Group share 4,896 5,531

Interest from deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (140) (76)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net recurring income/(loss)used to calculate earnings per share 4,756 5,455

Denominator (in millions of shares)

Average number of outstanding shares 2,429 2,425

Impact of dilutive instruments:

Bonus share plans reserved for employees 14 11

Diluted average number of outstanding shares 2,443 2,436

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Earnings per share (in euros)

Basic earnings/(loss) per share 1.52 1.66

Diluted earnings/(loss) per share 1.51 1.65

Basic recurring earnings/(loss) per share 1.96 2.25

Diluted recurring earnings/(loss) per share 1.95 2.24

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 13 FIXED ASSETS

13.1 Goodwill

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Upon a business combination, goodwill is measured as the difference between:

• on the one hand, the sum of:

• the consideration transferred,

• the amount of non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and

• on the other hand, the net fair value of the identi ˱able assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The key assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed include the market outlook for the measurement of future cash ˳ows as well as applicable discount rates. These assumptions re˳ect management’s best estimates at the acquisition date.

• in a business combination achieved in stages, the acquisition-date fair value of the previously held equity interest in the acquiree;

The amount of goodwill recognized at the acquisition date cannot be adjusted after the end of the 12-month measurement period.

Goodwill relating to interests in associates is included in the carrying amount of the investment consolidated under the equity method entities.

[Page 402] 13.1.1 Changes in organizational structure

Of the six operating segments and “Other” activities (including GEMS) under the previous organization:

On January 16, 2025, the Group announced a change in the scope of its Global Business Units (GBU). As of February 1, 2025, the Group is structured around four Global Business Units: Renewables & Flex Power, Networks, Local Energy Infrastructures and Supply & Energy Management.

• for Renewables and Retail goodwill, which amounted to €2,289 million and €1,843 million respectively at January 1, 2025, has been allocated directly to the new operating segments;

• Nuclear keeps its goodwill, which amounted to €797 million at January 1, 2025, in the “Other" segment;

As part of this reorganization, the Group has modi ˱ed its segment information within the meaning of IFRS 8 – Operating Segments (see Note 6.1 Reorganization of ENGIE and modi ˱cation of segment information) and, consequently, has reallocated the goodwill from the previous operating segments to the new operating segments in accordance with IAS 36 – Impairment of Assets .

• goodwill for FlexGen, Networks, Energy Solutions and the GEMS operating entity, amounting to €1,483 million, €5,277 million, €1,091 million and €334 million respectively, has been allocated to the new operating segments.

The reallocation of goodwill at segment level as of January 1, 2025 was as follows:

Old organization

In millions of euros

Infrastructures Renewables Retail FlexGen Energy Solutions Nuclear Other Goodwill at Jan. 1, 2025

Renewables & BESS 2,289 1,031 3,320

Gas Generation Europe 72 72

Renewables & Flex Power

Gas Generation International 380 380

Networks Gas Infrastructure 5,164 5,164

Power Infrastructure 113 113

Local Energy Infrastructures 1,008 12 1,021

Energy Management - -

One BtoB 322 322

Supply & Energy Management

One BtoC 1,843 1,843

New organization

Nuclear 797 797

Other

Local Energy Infrastructures RoW 83 83

Other 178 178

Goodwill at Jan. 1, 2025 5,277 2,289 1,843 1,483 1,091 797 512 13,291

Given the existing value headroom, this reallocation of goodwill did not entail any day-one impairment.

13.1.2 Movements in the carrying amount of goodwill

In millions of euros Net amount

At December 31, 2024 13,291

Impairment losses (105)

Changes in scope of consolidation and other 123

Translation adjustments (199)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 13,110

[Page 403] 13.1.3 Information on goodwill

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to operating segments, which represent the lowest level at which it is monitored for internal management purposes.

The table below shows the amount of goodwill at December 31, 2025:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025

Networks

Gas Infrastructure 5,169

Power Infrastructure 108

Renewables & Flex Power

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewables & BESS 3,403

Gas Generation International 312

Gas Generation Europe 72

Supply & Energy Management

One BtoC 1,839

One BtoB 290

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Energy Management 19

Local Energy Infrastructures 972

Other

Nuclear 692

Other 177

Local Energy Infrastructures RoW 57

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 13,110

13.2 Intangible assets

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Intangible rights arising on concession contracts

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Initial measurement

IFRIC 12 – Service Concession Arrangements deals with the treatment to be applied by the concession operator in respect of certain concession arrangements.

Intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.

Amortization

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For a concession arrangement to fall within the scope of IFRIC 12, usage of the infrastructure must be controlled by the concession grantor. This requirement is satis ˱ed when the following two conditions are met:

Intangible assets are amortized on the basis of the expected pattern of consumption of the estimated future economic bene ˱ts embodied in the asset. Amortization is calculated mainly on a straight-line basis over the following useful lives:

• the grantor controls or regulates what services the operator must provide with the infrastructure, to whom it must provide them, and at what price; and

Useful life

Main depreciation periods (years)

Minimum Maximum

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the grantor controls any residual interest in the infrastructure at the end of the term of the arrangement, for example it retains the right to take back the infrastructure at the end of the concession.

Concession rights 10 30

Customer portfolio 3 20

Other intangible assets 1 50

The intangible asset model according to paragraph 17 of IFRIC 12 applies if the operator receives a right (a license) to charge the users, or the grantor, depending on the use made of the public service. There is no unconditional right to receive cash, as the amounts depend on the extent to which the public uses the service.

[Page 404] Research and development costs

Research costs are expensed as incurred.

Development costs are capitalized when the asset recognition criteria set out in IAS 38 are met. Capitalized development costs are amortized over the useful life of the intangible asset.

Concession infrastructures that do not meet the requirements of IFRIC 12 are presented as property, plant and equipment. This is the case of gas distribution infrastructures in France. The related assets are recognized in accordance with IAS 16, given that GRDF operates its network under long-term concession arrangements, most of which are mandatorily renewed upon expiration pursuant to French law No. 46-628 of April 8, 1946.

13.2.1 Movements in intangible assets

In millions of euros Intangible rights arising on concession contracts Capacity entitlements Others Total

GROSS AMOUNT

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 4,132 3,361 15,161 22,654

Acquisitions 290 - 1,123 1,412

Disposals (74) (27) (101) (202)

Translation adjustments (10) - (224) (234)

Changes in scope of consolidation 95 - 188 284

Transfer to "Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale and discontinued operations" - - (227) (227)

Other changes (16) 72 (299) (243)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 4,417 3,406 15,620 23,443

ACCUMULATED AMORTIZATION AND IMPAIRMENT

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 (1,882) (2,380) (10,427) (14,689)

Amortization (158) (121) (871) (1,150)

Impairment (33) - (207) (240)

Disposals 57 27 77 161

Translation adjustments 8 - 127 135

Changes in scope of consolidation (34) - 42 8

Transfer to "Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale and discontinued operations" - - 208 208

Other changes 15 - 28 43

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 (2,027) (2,474) (11,023) (15,524)

CARRYING AMOUNT

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 2,250 981 4,734 7,964

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 2,390 932 4,597 7,919

In 2025, the net decrease in “Intangible assets” was mainly attributable to €1,150 million in amortization expense, largely offset by:

energy projects in the United States and France (€179 million); and concession agreements (€290 million) in the Local Energy Infrastructures sector;

• a net positive €292 million impact resulting from changes in the scope of consolidation, mainly in the Renewables & Flex Power GBU with the acquisition of two hydropower plants in Brazil (positive €198 million) and renewable asset portfolios in the United Kingdom (positive €74 million impact) and in Germany (positive €20 million impact).

• capital expenditure of €1,412 million for the period, mainly relating to intangible assets in progress (€849 million) and in particular IT projects (€357 million), mostly at ENGIE corporate level in France and the Supply & Energy Management GBU; transmission and distribution network extensions and maintenance (€197 million), mainly in France; capitalized costs in connection with renewable

[Page 405] 13.2.2 Capacity entitlements

13.2.4 Information regarding research and development costs

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group has acquired capacity entitlements from power stations operated by third parties. These power station capacity rights were acquired in connection with transactions or within the scope of the Group’s involvement in ˱nancing the construction of certain power stations. In consideration, the Group received the right to purchase a share of the production over the useful life of the underlying rights. These rights are amortized over the useful life of the underlying assets, not exceeding 50 years. The Group currently holds rights in the Chooz B and Tricastin power plants in France.

Research and development activities primarily relate to various studies regarding technological innovation, improvements in plant ef ˱ciency, safety, environmental protection, service quality, and the use of energy resources. Research and development priorities are focused on climate change adaptation and mitigation, including renewable energy systems (photovoltaic solar, wind), the production and use of green gases (hydrogen, biomethane) or the development of decentralized energy infrastructure (district heating and cooling, decentralized solar energy and mobility).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

13.2.3 Other

Capitalized development costs, related to projects in the development phase that meet the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset as de˱ned in IAS 38, totaled €22 million in 2025.

At December 31, 2025, this caption mainly relates to software and licenses for €1,338 million, as well as intangible assets in progress for €831 million and intangible assets (client portfolio) acquired for €2,427 million as a result of business combinations and acquisition costs for customer contracts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

13.3 Property, plant and equipment

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Initial recognition and subsequent measurement

underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Items of property, plant and equipment are recognized at historical cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

The carrying amount of these items is not revalued as the Group has elected not to apply the allowed alternative method, which consists of regularly revaluing one or more categories of property, plant and equipment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Investment subsidies are deducted from the gross value of the assets concerned.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. This rate is calculated based on the Group’s incremental borrowing rate adjusted in accordance with IFRS 16, taking into account (i) the economic environment of the subsidiaries, and in particular their credit risk, (ii) the currency in which the contract is concluded and (iii) the duration of the contract at inception (or the remaining duration for contracts existing upon the initial application of IFRS 16). The methodology applied to determine the incremental borrowing rate re˳ects the pro˱le of the lease payments (duration method).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with IAS 16, the initial cost of the item of property, plant and equipment includes an initial estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located, when the entity has a present, legal or constructive obligation to dismantle the item or restore the site. A corresponding provision for this obligation is recorded for the amount of the asset component.

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the construction of the qualifying asset are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset.

Leases

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The lease term is assessed, including whether a renewal option is reasonably certain to be exercised or a termination option is reasonably certain not to be exercised, on a case-by-case basis. The lease term is reassessed if a signi˱cant event or a signi˱cant change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee occurs and may affect the assessment made. In determining the enforceable period of a lease, the Group applies a broad interpretation of the term penalty and takes into consideration not only contractual penalties arising from termination, but also ancillary costs that could arise in case of an early termination of the lease.

Cushion gas

“Cushion” gas stored in underground storage facilities is essential for ensuring that reservoirs can be operated effectively, and is therefore inseparable from these reservoirs. Unlike “working” gas which is included in inventories (see Note 22.2 Inventories), cushion gas is reported in other property, plant and equipment.

Depreciation

In accordance with IFRS 16, the Group recognizes a rightof-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to contracts considered as a lease in which the Group acts as lessee, except for leases with a term of 12 months or less (“short-term leases”), and leases for which the underlying asset is of a low value (“low-value asset”). Payments associated with these leases are recognized on a straight-line basis as expenses in pro ˱t or loss. The lease contracts in the Group mainly concern real estate, vehicles, LNG vessels, an hydroelectric concession contract and other equipment.

In accordance with the components approach, each signi ˱cant component of an item of property, plant and equipment with a different useful life from that of the main asset to which it relates is depreciated separately over its own useful life.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the

[Page 406] Property, plant and equipment is depreciated mainly using the straight-line method over the following useful lives:

Useful life

The range of useful lives is due to the diversity of the assets in each category. The minimum periods relate to smaller equipment and furniture, while the maximum periods concern network infrastructures and storage facilities.

Main depreciation periods (years)

Minimum Maximum

Plant and equipment

• Storage – Production – Transport – Distribution 5 60*

Fixtures and ˱ttings relating to hydro plants operated by the Group are depreciated over the shorter of the contract term and the useful life of the assets, taking into account the renewal of the concession period if such renewal is considered to be reasonably certain.

• Installation – Maintenance 3 10

• Hydraulic plant and equipment 20 65

Solar and wind farms 25 35

Other property, plant and equipment 2 33

* Excluding cushion gas.

The right-of-use asset related to leases is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term. In that case the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as that used for property, plant and equipment mentioned above.

13.3.1 Movements in property, plant and equipment

In millions of euros Land Buildings Plant and equipment Vehicles Dismantling costs Assets in progress Right of use Other Total

GROSS AMOUNT

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 696 3,474 107,914 339 5,525 9,232 6,204 875 134,259

Acquisitions/Increases 9 14 209 24 - 6,476 605 32 7,370

Disposals (16) (95) (1,474) (33) (36) (64) (379) (71) (2,167)

Translation adjustments (15) (120) (2,486) (5) (61) (483) (262) - (3,433)

Changes in scope of consolidation (1) 13 (8) (2,517) (14) 1 (74) (26) (8) (2,633)

Transfer to "Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale and discontinued operations" - (3) (21) (3) - - (112) (6) (146)

Other changes 13 179 7,082 3 90 (6,541) (711) (123) (8)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 700 3,441 108,707 311 5,519 8,547 5,320 699 133,244

ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 (173) (2,094) (59,148) (245) (4,868) (301) (2,220) (824) (69,871)

Depreciation (4) (100) (3,125) (31) (252) - (478) (11) (4,001)

Impairment - (63) (220) - (22) (201) 22 (14) (498)

Disposals 6 89 1,524 31 37 34 364 81 2,166

Translation adjustments 2 54 1,020 4 30 20 74 19 1,223

Changes in scope of consolidation (1) (3) 7 2,977 10 - - 23 7 3,020

Transfer to "Assets classi ˱ed as held for sale and discontinued operations" - 3 20 2 - - 51 6 83

Other changes (3) (58) (61) 3 - 8 249 (4) 134

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 (176) (2,161) (57,013) (226) (5,075) (439) (1,915) (739) (67,744)

CARRYING AMOUNT

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 523 1,380 48,766 94 657 8,932 3,985 52 64,388

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 524 1,280 51,695 85 444 8,107 3,405 (40) 65,499

(1) The nuclear business, representing total gross assets of €3 billion (fully depreciated), was transferred to the BE-NUC joint venture.

[Page 407] 13.3.2 Pledged and mortgaged assets

In 2025, the net increase in “Property, plant and equipment” essentially takes into account:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Items of property, plant and equipment pledged by the Group to guarantee borrowings and debt amounted to €1,225 million at December 31, 2025 compared to €1,490 million at December 31, 2024. The net decrease in this item primarily re ˳ects the depreciation of Renewables & Flex Power GBU pledged in Brazil for €310 million.

13.3.3 Contractual commitments to purchase property, plant and equipment

• maintenance and development investments for a total amount of €7,370 million, notably related to the construction and development of wind and solar farms and ˳exible generation assets, primarily in the United States, Chile, France and Belgium (€4,425 million); extensions to the transmission and distribution network extensions in the Networks sector in France, Romania and Latin America (€1,817 million); and activities in the Local Energy Infrastructures operating segment (€545 million), mainly in France;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In the ordinary course of their operations, some Group companies have entered into commitments to purchase, and the related third parties to deliver plant and equipment. These commitments relate mainly to orders for equipment and material related to the construction of energy production units and to service agreements.

• a net positive effect of changes in the scope of consolidation amounting to €388 million, mainly in the Renewables & Flex Power GBU with the acquisition of two hydropower plants in Brazil (positive €279 million), and of renewable asset portfolios in the United Kingdom (positive €79 million impact) and in Germany (positive €54 million impact).

These items were largely offset by:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• depreciation (€4,001 million);

Contractual investment commitments made by the Group to purchase property, plant and equipment totaled €3,829 million at December 31, 2025 compared to €2,461 million at December 31, 2024.

13.3.4 Other information

• a negative foreign exchange impact of €2,209 million, primarily due to the depreciation of the US dollar (negative €1,995 million impact).

Borrowing costs included in the cost of property, plant and equipment amounted to €310 million at December 31, 2025 compared to €308 million at December 31, 2024.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

13.4 Impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Risk of impairment

changes in the market environment, or on internal sources of information. Intangible assets that are not amortized are tested for impairment annually.

Goodwill

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with ˱nite useful lives are only tested for impairment when there is an indication that they may be impaired. This is generally the result of signi˱cant changes in the environment in which the assets are operated or when economic performance is lower than expected.

Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment each year in accordance with IAS 36, or more frequently where an indication of impairment is identi ˱ed. All goodwill is tested for impairment based on data at the end of June, supplemented by a review of events in the second half.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Impairment tests are carried out at the level of cashgenerating units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs, which constitute groups of assets which generate cash ˳ows that are largely independent from cash ˳ows generated by other CGUs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Goodwill is impaired if the net carrying amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which the goodwill is allocated is greater than the recoverable amount of that CGU.

Items of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are tested for impairment at the level of the cashgenerating unit (CGU), as appropriate and determined in accordance with IAS 36. If the recoverable amount of an asset is lower than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is written down to the recoverable amount by recording an impairment loss. Upon recognition of an impairment loss, the depreciable amount and possibly the useful life of the asset concerned is revised.

Impairment losses in relation to goodwill cannot be reversed and are shown as “Impairment losses” in the income statement.

Intangible assets and property, plant and equipment

In accordance with IAS 36, impairment tests are carried out on items of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets where there is an indication that the assets may be impaired. Such indications may be based on events or

Impairment losses recorded in relation to property, plant and equipment or intangible assets may be subsequently reversed if the recoverable amount of the asset increases to exceed the carrying amount. The increased carrying amount of an item of property, plant or equipment following the reversal of an impairment loss may not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of depreciation/amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized in prior periods.

[Page 408] Equity method entities

˱nite rather than inde˱nite or plans to restructure the operations to which the asset belongs,

• internal reports that indicate that the economic performance of an asset is, or will be, worse than expected.

Measurement of recoverable amount

The total carrying amount of equity method entities is tested for impairment as an individual asset in accordance with IAS 36, by comparing the recoverable amount (i.e., the higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell) with the carrying amount, whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

Indicators of impairment

The main indicators of impairment used by the Group are:

• using external sources of information:

• a decline in an asset’s value over the period that is signi ˱cantly more than would be expected from the passage of time or normal use,

For operating entities which the Group intends to hold on a long-term and going concern basis, the recoverable amount of a CGU corresponds to the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Value in use is primarily determined based on the present value of future operating cash ˳ows including a terminal value. Standard valuation techniques are used based on the following main economic assumptions:

• market perspectives and developments in the regulatory framework;

• discount rates based on the speci ˱c characteristics of the operating entities concerned;

• signi ˱cant adverse changes that have taken place over the period, or will take place in the near future, in the technological market, economic or legal environment in which the entity operates or in the market to which an asset is dedicated,

• terminal values in line with available market data speci ˱c to the operating segments concerned and growth rates associated with these terminal values, not exceeding the in˳ation rate.

• an increase over the period in market interest rates or other market rates of return on investments if such increase is likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating an asset’s value in use and decrease its recoverable amount materially,

• the carrying amount of the net assets of the entity exceeds its market capitalization;

• using internal sources of information:

Discount rates are determined on a post-tax basis and applied to post-tax cash ˳ows. The recoverable amounts calculated on the basis of these discount rates are the same as the amounts obtained by applying the pre-tax discount rates to cash ˳ows estimated on a pre-tax basis, as required by IAS 36.

• evidence of obsolescence or physical damage to an asset,

For operating entities which the Group has decided to sell, the related recoverable amount of the assets concerned is based on market value less disposal costs. Where negotiations are ongoing, this value is determined based on the best estimate of their outcome as of the reporting date.

• signi ˱cant changes in the extent to which, or manner in which, an asset is used or is expected to be used, that have taken place in the period or soon thereafter and that will adversely affect it. These changes include the asset becoming idle, plans to dispose of an asset sooner than expected, reassessing its useful life as

13.4.1 General assumptions

• forward market prices over the liquidity period for fuel (coal, oil and gas), CO 2 and electricity on each market in a context of changing energy prices;

The impairment tests were performed in the context of a volatile economic environment, as described in Note 1.3 Use of estimates and judgments.

In most cases, the recoverable amounts are determined by reference to a value in use that is calculated using cash ˳ow projections drawn up on the basis of the 2026 budget and the 2027-2028 medium-term business plan, as approved by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors, and on the basis of extrapolated cash ˳ows beyond that time frame.

Cash ˳ow projections beyond the medium-term business plan period are determined on the basis of macroeconomic assumptions (in˳ation, exchange rates and growth rates), and price forecasts resulting from the Group’s reference scenario for 2029-2050 as revised and validated by the Group Executive Committee in September 2025. The forecasts and projections included in the reference scenario were determined on the basis of the following inputs:

• beyond this period, mediumand long-term energy prices were determined by the Group based on macroeconomic assumptions and fundamental supply and demand equilibrium models, the results of which are regularly compared against forecasts prepared by external energy sector specialists. Long-term projections for CO 2 prices take into account the challenges of electricity price affordability in Europe and the gradual decline in demand for certi ˱cates from the energy sector, linked to the rise of renewable energies in the mediumand long-term mix. These projections are in line with the target of reducing emissions by 90% by 2040, set by the December 2025 agreement between the presidency of the Council of the European Union and representatives of the European Parliament. Among the external scenarios, the Group’s scenario can be considered as intermediate between the STEPS (Stated Energy Policies Scenario) and NZE (Net Zero Scenario) scenarios of the International Energy Agency or similar to that of ADEME (“green technology”) in the case of France;

[Page 409] CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

by the regulator to set tariffs for access to this infrastructure. It includes the assets needed to provide the service, such as infrastructure and equipment. It serves as the basis for calculating investment costs that must be covered by the infrastructure access tariff, including amortization of the investment initially made by the operator and a reasonable return on investment for the industrial activity in question. In other words, it forms the basis of the tariff-setting methodology used by the regulator to ensure that companies can cover their costs and make a fair pro˱t, while protecting consumers from excessive tariffs.

• more speci ˱cally, mediumand long-term electricity prices were determined by the Group using electricity demand forecasting models, mediumand long-term forecasts of fuel and CO 2 prices, and expected trends in installed capacity and in the technology mix of the production assets within each power generation system. ENGIE has opted for a balanced mix, integrating renewable gas and carbon dioxide capture and storage in order to guarantee an energy system with the best levels of ef ˱ciency and resilience. This trajectory has been included in the Group’s report as part of the “Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures” (TCFD) initiative. The risk factors arising from climate and environmental issues are also detailed in the Group’s Universal Registration Document.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Lastly, as part of the Group’s efforts to take account of climate matters (see Note 1.3.3 Consideration of environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters in the preparation of the Group’s ˱nancial statements), in measuring its non-˱nancial assets, ENGIE considered its commitment to completely withdraw from coal activities by 2027 (see Note 13.4.5 Local Energy Infrastructures), and updated its reference scenario to include changes in energy (heating and cooling) demand in Europe.

In respect of the valuation of activities in France, the energy mix scenario for 2050, adopted by the Group and detailed in Note 17.3.1 Dismantling obligations arising on non-nuclear plant and equipment, will not lead to any signi˱cant change in RAB. Given the vital role of gas, a reliable energy source able to supplement renewable energies that are inherently intermittent, uncontrollable and dif˱cult to store, the Group plans to maintain its gas network infrastructures for the transportation of green methane (biomethane in particular) and natural gas for carbon capture, or to convert them to allow for the transportation of hydrogen. These green gases (biomethane, hydrogen, etc.) will gradually replace natural gas. This strategic role will be further strengthened by the new opportunities offered in terms of CO 2 storage, transportation and exportation.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This section also discusses the impairment losses recognized in connection with equity method entities (under the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement) as well as impairment losses recognized within these companies (on the “Share in net income of equity method entities” line of the income statement) (see Note 3 Investments in equity method entitie).

13.4.2 Networks

13.4.2.1 Gas Infrastructures

To achieve this, the Group plans to maintain its current level of investment. This approach is largely supported by a rapidly developing regulatory framework supporting the sharp rise in the use of hydrogen and biomethane in the European Union. The EU gas package adopted in April 2024 sets a European biomethane production target (35 bpm by 2030), and de ˱nes low-carbon gases and a regulatory framework for hydrogen infrastructure and infrastructure planning obligations (including annually updated 10-year plans for operators of gas and hydrogen transportation networks), the implementation of which is entrusted to Member States and operators.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €5,169 million, intangible assets to €950 million, property, plant and equipment to €29,551 million, and equity method companies to €1,375 million. French regulated infrastructure assets amounted to €871 million for intangible assets and €27,175 million for property, plant and equipment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Networks comprises the Group’s gas infrastructure activities and projects. These activities include the management and development of (i) gas transportation networks and natural gas distribution networks in and outside Europe, (ii) underground natural gas storage in Europe, and (iii) regasi ˱cation infrastructure in France and Chile.

Apart from the historical infrastructure management activities, its asset portfolio also contributes to the challenges of the energy transition and network greening (biomethane, hydrogen, etc.).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

France

The valuation of activities in France is mainly based on cash ˳ow projections determined on the basis of tariff revenues and terminal values corresponding to the expected value of the regulated Asset Base (RAB), which is the value assigned by the French energy regulator (CRE) to the assets operated by distributors.

France’s political and social strategy concerning the energy transition aims to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. The priorities of France’s climate and energy policy are being updated to re˳ect the French Energy-Climate Strategy ( Stratégie Française sur l’Énergie et le Climat – SFEC) (1) . The scenario adopted by the Group is supported by the main ˱ndings of the CRE report of April 2023 on the future of gas infrastructures, the conclusions of the public consultation on “decarbonizing the building industry” organized in summer 2023 (highlighting the dif˱culties associated with a possible ban on the installation of new gas boilers in existing homes), and, to a certain extent, by the latest public outlook for the future Pluriannual Energy Program ( Programmation Pluriannuelle de l’Énergie ). These reinforce France’s biomethane production targets (50 TWh by 2030) and reaf ˱rm the importance of gas storage for the country’s energy supply security. However, the PPE3, issued on February 13, 2026, introduces a signi˱cant target for the replacement of gas-˱red boilers by another energy solution, notably electric. The Group considers this target to be unrealistic for reasons of economic sustainability for households, or due to technical constraints that prevent the installation of ef˱cient electrical solutions or connection to a heating network in almost half of all homes. Consequently, the Group considers that the PPE3 does not affect the energy mix scenario for 2050.

The RAB groups together all assets commissioned by an infrastructure operator to carry out its regulated activity. It establishes an economic value for these assets, which is used

(1) The SFEC comprises three documents: the Energy and Climate Planning Bill (LPEC), which de ˶nes the objectives and priorities for action; the Multi‑Annual Energy Plan (PPE), which is used to manage energy policy over two successive ˶ve-year periods; and the National Low-Carbon Strategy (SNBC), which de˶nes a greenhouse gas emissions reduction roadmap through to 2050.

[Page 410] Brazil

Results of the impairment tests

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

Sensitivity analysis

France

Given the regulated nature of the Networks business in France, as well as the progressive transition from natural gas to green gas, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs (discount rate, in ˳ation rate and rate of return on assets) would not result in any impairment losses.

As part of the ˱ve-year tariff review in preparation for the next regulatory period (2026-2030), Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A (“TAG”, an equity-accounted company) submitted the “Malha Nordeste” ˱le to the Brazilian regulator ANP in 2025, the ˱rst of its four contracts expired at the end of 2025. This submission is part of a broader review of natural gas transportation tariffs in Brazil, in accordance with the new gas law and Resolution No. 3/2022 of the Brazilian National Energy Policy Council (CNPE), which aims to modernize tariff structures, increase transparency and stimulate investment in infrastructure. This submission marks the start of a structured regulatory calendar for TAG's assets. The next contracts expire from November 2030 onwards.

The regulator is currently reviewing the tariff-setting methodology and models for calculating the regulated asset base (RAB), including the transition to an entry-exit pricing system and the rede˱nition of the maximum allowed revenue (MAR).

As mentioned above, the latest public outlook of the MultiAnnual Energy Plan (PPE) and the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (EPBD) points to potential measures detrimental to gas boilers (removal of ˱nancial incentives for installing boilers, ongoing aid for installing heat pumps). These measures will have a much smaller impact on the gas customer portfolio, and therefore on the value of gas infrastructure assets in France, than a ban on installations of gas boilers, which was withdrawn after being proposed in 2023.

The impairment test was performed based on TAG management's best updated estimate of the future tariff likely to result from the ongoing regulatory process, as well as on the contractual compensation mechanisms agreed with the seller at the time of TAG's acquisition in 2019.

Gas infrastructure in Brazil account for 7% of the recoverable value of the Gas Infrastructure CGU.

A more substantial change in the regulatory framework could have a signi˱cant impact on the valuation of gas infrastructure assets in France, including on the goodwill of the Gas Infrastructures CGU. Gas infrastructures in France account for 84% of the recoverable value of the Gas Infrastructures CGU.

In 2025, the discount rates applied to all these activities, both in France and internationally, generally ranged between 4.8% and 10.5%. In 2024, they ranged between 5.1% and 10.0%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/ contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

The 2025 (and 2024) regulatory asset base (RAB) for gas infrastructure assets in France and the net carrying amount of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment along with the associated depreciation and amortization expense, are set out below:

Carrying amount of PP&E and intangible assets (excluding goodwill) Depreciation and amortization

In millions of euros 2025 RAB 2024 RAB

GRDF 16,993 17,281 14,634 (1,116)

NaTran 9,241 9,384 7,614 (547)

Storengy 4,323 4,302 4,543 (152)

Elengy 933 912 388 (64)

Brazil

A substantial change in the regulatory framework in Brazil could have a signi ˱cant impact on the valuation of gas infrastructure assets in Brazil (carrying amount of €540 million as of December 31, 2025; see Note 3.2.1 Contribution of joint ventures to the Group).

Power transmission is a sector with low operational risks, due to highly regulated long-term revenues based on a capacity charge linked to availability, indexed to in ˳ation and regularly revised in light of interest rates. Based on regulated, long-term concession agreements (a signi˱cant portion of which, in Brazil, is accounted for using the IFRIC 12 ˱nancial receivable model), power transmission provides predictable and constant cash ˳ows, with very low counterparty risk.

13.4.2.2 Power Infrastructure

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €108 million, intangible assets to €51 million, property, plant and equipment to €423 million, and equity method companies to €114 million.

In 2025, the discount rates applied to all these activities generally ranged between 6.2% and 8.3%, relatively stable compared to 2024. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Power Infrastructures comprises the Group’s electricity infrastructure activities and projects. These activities include managing and developing power transmission networks internationally, mainly in Brazil and Chile.

[Page 411] Results of the impairment tests

The value in use of Compagnie Nationale du Rhône and SHEM was calculated based on assumptions including the extension or renewal through a tender process for the concession agreements.

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Sensitivity analysis

The cash ˳ows for the periods covered by the renewal of the concession agreements are based on a number of assumptions relating to the economic and regulatory conditions for operating these assets (royalty rates, required level of investment, etc.) during this period.

Given the regulated nature of the Power Infrastructure business in Brazil and Chile, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs (discount rate, in ˳ation rate and rate of return on assets) would not result in any impairment losses.

13.4.3 Renewables & Flex Power

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

13.4.3.1 Renewables & BESS

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 5.4% and 12.3%. In 2024, they ranged between 5.4% and 11.3%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Results of the impairment tests

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €3,403 million, intangible assets to €1,954 million, property, plant and equipment to €27,057 million, and equity method companies to €2,725 million.

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Impairment losses totaling €244 million were recognized in 2025 on the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Renewables & BESS segment comprises all centralized renewable energy generation activities, including ˱nancing, construction, operation and maintenance of renewable energy facilities, using various energy sources such as hydroelectric, onshore wind, photovoltaic solar, biomass, offshore wind, and battery storage associated with a renewable asset, as well as activities to compensate for the intermittent nature of renewable energy by providing upstream ˳exibility (pumpor batteryoperated storage plants). The energy produced is fed into the grid and sold either on the open or regulated market or to third parties through electricity sale agreements.

The main assumptions and key estimates relate to discount rates, assumptions regarding the renewal of hydropower concession agreements and changes in electricity prices beyond the liquid period, as well as, where applicable, renewable energy subsidy mechanisms.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These impairment losses mainly concern onshore renewable assets in North America for €143 million, and a solar power plant in India for €68 million. More speci ˱cally, the US onshore renewable assets were tested in accordance with the new US tax legislation, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. In this context, analysis of the status of projects under development led the Group to write down capitalized costs by approximately €100 million, which is included in the €143 million mentioned above. However, no additional impairment losses were recognized in 2025 on US offshore projects held through the Ocean Winds joint venture. These assets were valued at the end of 2024, taking into account a 4-year delay into their development, and their recoverable value was not further affected by the application of this new legislation, especially since the Group has a solid legal basis to defend, if necessary, the value of its permits (see Note 4.2.1 “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” tax reform in the United States).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

More speci˱cally, a bill was introduced in the French National Assembly on January 13, 2026 to transpose into French law the agreement between France and the European Commission aimed at securing the legal framework for hydropower concessions. This bill provides for the transition from concessions system to an authorization system for facilities exceeding 4,500 kW, with the exception of the Compagnie Nationale du Rhône, whose concession agreement will continue until its expiration.

At December 31, 2025, impairment losses were recognized against “Share in net income of equity method entities” for €172 million, of which €156 million related to assets in France due to the decrease in electricity market prices.

In 2025, in the absence of a law and implementing decree, this regulatory change was not taken into account in the assessment of SHEM's value in use.

Sensitivity analysis

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The sensitivity of the hydropower generation business in France and the renewable power generation business in North America to changes in electricity prices and changes in discount rates (impact on the recoverable amount) is shown in the table below:

Dec. 31, 2025

Electricity prices Discount rates

In billion of euros

+€10/MWh -€10/MWh +50 bp -50 bp

Hydropower generation in France 0.4 (0.4) (0.1) 0.1

Renewables & BESS assets in North America 0.4 (0.5) (0.1) 0.5

Non-linear increase or decrease due to the method of calculating water-power fees.

[Page 412] An increase of 50 basis points in the discount rates and a decrease of €10/MWh in the electricity price would have a negative impact on the recoverable amount. However, the recoverable amount of goodwill would remain above the carrying amount.

A 10% decrease in the margin captured by thermal power plants would result in a €0.3 billion decrease in the recoverable amount. However, the recoverable amount of goodwill would remain above the carrying amount. An increase of 10% in the margin captured would have a positive €0.3 billion impact on this calculation.

13.4.3.3 Gas Generation Europe

In addition, an increase of 50 basis points in the discount rates would result in an impairment of the Ocean Winds joint venture’s equity accounted projects of approximately €30 million (ENGIE share).

13.4.3.2 Gas Generation International

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €72 million, property, plant and equipment to €1,974 million and equity method entities to €130 million.

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €312 million, intangible assets to €108 million, property, plant and equipment to €1,849 million, and equity method companies to €1,222 million.

Gas Generation Europe brings together all the activities helping to offset the intermittent nature of renewables by providing upstream ˳exibility through ˳exible thermal generation, mainly in France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy and Spain. It plays a key role in the energy transition.

The main assumptions and key estimates relate to discount rates, estimated demand for electricity and changes in the margin captured beyond the liquidity period (i.e., changes in the margin comprising electricity prices, less the price of CO 2 and fossil fuels beyond the liquidity period).

Gas Generation International brings together all the activities helping to offset the intermittent nature of renewables by providing upstream ˳exibility through ˳exible thermal generation, mainly in Latin America, the Middle East and North America. It plays a key role in the energy transition. Its activities also includes the ˱nancing, construction and operation of desalination plants, whether or not connected to power plants.

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 5.8% and 9.2%. In 2024, they ranged between 6.7% and 9.6%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notablycountry risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

The main assumptions and key estimates relate to discount rates, estimated demand for electricity and changes in the margin captured beyond the liquidity period (i.e., changes in the margin comprising electricity prices, less the price of CO 2 and fossil fuels beyond the liquidity period).

Results of the impairment tests

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 6.3% and 12.3%. In 2024, they ranged between 6.7% and 12.0%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Sensitivity analysis

Results of the impairment tests

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

An increase of 50 basis points in the discount rates used would result in a €0.02 billion decrease on the recoverable amount of thermal power plants. However, the recoverable amount of goodwill would remain above the carrying amount. A reduction of 50 basis points in the discount rates used would have a positive €0.02 billion impact on the recoverable amount.

Impairment losses totaling €46 million were recognized in 2025 on the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement.

They mainly relate to revised dismantling costs for facilities in Chile.

Sensitivity analysis

A 10% decrease in the margin captured by thermal power plants would result in a €0.4 billion decrease on the recoverable amount. However, the recoverable amount of goodwill would remain above the carrying amount. An increase of 10% in the margin captured would have a positive €0.4 billion impact on this calculation.

An increase of 50 basis points in the discount rates used would result in a €0.1 billion decrease in the recoverable amount of assets. However, the recoverable amount of goodwill would remain above the carrying amount. A reduction of 50 basis points in the discount rates used would have a positive €0.1 billion impact on this calculation.

[Page 413] Sensitivity analysis

13.4.4 Supply & Energy Management

13.4.4.1 One BtoC

Given the capital-light nature of One BtoB activities, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs would not result in any impairment losses on goodwill.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €1,839 million, intangible assets to €430 million, and property, plant and equipment to €39 million.

13.4.4.3 Energy Management

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €19 million, intangible assets to €236 million, and property, plant and equipment to €585 million.

One BtoC encompasses all the Group’s activities relating to the sale of gas and electricity to end customers. It includes all the Group’s activities in services for residential customers. One BtoC also involves the sale of energy management solutions to support the decarbonization of Group businesses and those of its customers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Energy Management brings together energy management activities involving managing the risks associated with energy volume ˳ows (generation and sales), and consequently optimizing the assets on the market.

The terminal value used to calculate the value in use of the main services and energy sales businesses in Europe was determined by extrapolating cash ˳ows beyond the mediumterm business plan period using a long-term growth rate of approximately 2% per year.

The terminal value used to calculate the value in use of the main services and energy sales businesses in Europe was determined by extrapolating cash ˳ows beyond the mediumterm business plan period using a long-term growth rate of approximately 2% per year.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 8.0% and 11.0%. In 2024, they ranged between 7.8% and 10.3%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 8.5% and 12.0%. In 2024, they ranged between 7.8% and 10.3%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Results of the impairment tests

Results of the impairment tests

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

Sensitivity analysis

Sensitivity analysis

Given the capital-light nature of One BtoC activities, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs would not result in any impairment losses on goodwill.

13.4.4.2 One BtoB

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Given the capital-light nature of Energy Management activities, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs would not result in any impairment losses on goodwill. Furthermore, property, plant, and equipment mainly relate to leased LNG carriers, with no risk of impairment.

13.4.5 Local Energy Infrastructures

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €290 million, intangible assets to €225 million, property, plant and equipment to €1 million, and equity method companies to €60 million.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €972 million, intangible assets to €2,584 million, property, plant and equipment to €2,689 million, and equity method companies to €1,032 million.

One BtoB covers gas and electricity sales to large companies, industries and local authorities. One BtoC also involves the sale of energy management solutions to support the decarbonization of Group businesses and those of its customers.

The terminal value used to calculate the value in use of the main services and energy sales businesses in Europe was determined by extrapolating cash ˳ows beyond the mediumterm business plan period using a long-term growth rate of approximately 2% per year.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Local Energy Infrastructures encompass the construction and management of decentralized energy networks to produce energy (heating and cooling networks, distributed power generation plants, distributed solar power parks, low-carbon mobility, low-carbon cities and public lighting, etc.) and related services (energy ef ˱ciency, technical maintenance, sustainable development consulting) mainly in Europe.

The terminal value used to calculate the value in use of the services and energy sales businesses in France was determined by extrapolating the cash ˳ows beyond the medium-term business plan period using a long-term growth rate of 2% per year.

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 7.0% and 12.0%. In 2024, they ranged between 7.8% and 10.3%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Results of the impairment tests

The main assumptions and key estimates relate primarily to discount rates and changes in price beyond the liquidity period.

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

[Page 414] In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 4.8% and 10.0%. In 2024, they ranged between 5.1% and 9.8%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Results of the impairment tests

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

Impairment losses totaling €93 million were recognized in 2025 on the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement. These impairment losses mainly relate to assets in France for €90 million whose medium and long-term outlook was revised or in relation to which operational dif ˱culties have arisen.

Sensitivity analysis

In France, the Nuclear Safety Authority authorized the startup of Tricastin 1 on December 20, 2019 after its shutdown for its fourth 10-yearly inspection and, on December 3, 2020, published a draft decision setting out the conditions for the 900 MW reactors to continue operating beyond 40 years. Con˱rmation of a 10-year extension of the operating life of the 900 MW series reactors is therefore expected to be formalized in the next few years, once the conditions for continued operation have been determined by the French Nuclear Safety Authority ( Autorité de Sûreté Nucléaire ) and a public inquiry has been held. In August 2023, the French Nuclear Safety Authority issued its opinion on the continued operation of Tricastin unit No. 1 for a further 10 years. The reactor, commissioned in 1980, is therefore authorized to operate for 50 years. The Group has therefore considered the 10-year extension of the nuclear units, and the corresponding drawing rights, beyond their fourth 10-yearly inspection. The fourth 10-yearly inspection of Tricastin was completed in 2024 by unit No. 4, while the third 10-yearly inspection of Chooz B took place in 2019. The assumption of an extension was already considered in the impairment tests of previous years.

Results of the impairment test

Given the essentially contractual nature of Local Energy Infrastructures activities, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs would not result in impairment losses on goodwill.

13.4.6 Other

The recoverable amount of the Nuclear assets remains below the value of goodwill due to the signi ˱cant drop in electricity prices in France.

13.4.6.1 Nuclear

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €692 million, intangible assets to €932 million, property, plant and equipment to €18 million, and equity method companies to €136 million.

An impairment loss totaling €105 million was recognized in 2025 on goodwill on the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement. This loss in value is due to the effect of falling prices on the utility value of French drawing rights and the shutdown of Belgian power plants, partially offset by the value of the extension of the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear units.

Key assumptions used for the impairment test

Sensitivity analysis

A decrease of €10/MWh in electricity prices for nucleargenerated power in France beyond the liquidity period would lead to a decrease of €0.5 billion in the recoverable amount and a resulting goodwill impairment loss of €0.5 billion.

In light of the Contract for Difference mechanism put in place in connection with the extension of the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear facilities, the recoverable amount of these facilities (within the joint venture, equally owned with the Belgian State) is fairly insensitive to changes in electricity prices for nuclear-generated power in Belgium.

On December 13, 2023, ENGIE and the Belgian State signed an agreement to extend the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear facilities by ten years (see Note 17.2 “Obligations relating to nuclear power generation facilities”). This agreement, which was ˱nalized on March 14, 2025, also provides for the establishment of a legal structure dedicated to the two extended nuclear units, equally owned by the Belgian State and ENGIE (joint venture, using the equity method), aligning the interests of the two parties and ensuring the sustainability of their commitments. The business model of the extension is based on a balanced allocation of risks, notably through a Contract for Difference mechanism guaranteeing the value of extension investments, with a limited incentive for the industrial operator to achieve a favorable technical and economic performance at the plants.

A 5% reduction in the availability rate of the French plants would lead to a decrease of €0.5 billion in the recoverable amount and a resulting goodwill impairment loss of €0.5 billion.

13.4.6.2 Local Energy Infrastructures RoW

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €57 million, intangible assets to €2 million, property, plant and equipment to €403 million, and equity method companies to €374 million.

In addition, for drawing rights on nuclear power plants in France, the cash ˳ow projections are based on a large number of key assumptions, such as prices of fuel and CO 2 , expected trends in electricity prices, availability of power plants, market outlook, and potential changes in the nuclear regulatory environment in France. Lastly, the key assumptions also include the discount rate used to calculate the value in use of these activities. In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 6.7% and 7.4% (compared to 7.1% in 2024).

Cash ˳ow projections beyond the medium-term business plan for drawing rights on the Chooz B and Tricastin power plants have been determined on the basis of the residual term of the contracts and the assumption of a 10-year extension.

Local Energy Infrastructures RoW covers the construction and management of decentralized energy networks to produce energy (heating and cooling networks, distributed power generation plants, distributed solar power plants, low-carbon mobility, low-carbon cities and public lighting, etc.) and related services (energy ef ˱ciency, technical maintenance, sustainable development consulting) under strategic review in some countries in Europe and further a˱eld.

[Page 415] Sensitivity analysis

The main assumptions and key estimates relate primarily to discount rates and changes in price beyond the liquidity period.

Given the essentially contractual nature of Local Energy Infrastructures RoW activities, a reasonable change in any of the valuation inputs would not result in impairment losses on goodwill.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

13.4.6.3 Other

In 2025, the discount rates applied to these activities ranged between 5.5% and 13.0%. In 2024, they ranged between 5.1% and 9.8%. These rates vary according to geography and associated risks (notably country risk and risk associated with the economic environment of the underlying business: merchant/contracted/regulated cash ˳ows).

Results of the impairment tests

At December 31, 2025, goodwill amounted to €177 million, intangible assets to €442 million, property, plant and equipment to €892 million, and equity method companies to €24 million.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, no impairment losses were recognized on goodwill owing to the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which it belongs.

Impairment losses totaling €75 million were recognized in 2025 on the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement against assets currently being sold.

The “Other” segment includes the activities of Tractebel, ENGIE Home Services (EHS), Corporate, holding companies and other entities. These entities present a signi ˱cant difference between recoverable amount and the carrying amount of the segment’s operating activities carrying goodwill at December 31, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, impairment losses of €225 million were recognized against North American assets under “Share in net income of equity method entities”, taking into account the new US tax regulations, the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (see Note 4.2.1 “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” tax reform in the United States”).

Impairment losses totaling €170 million were recognized in 2025 on the “Impairment losses” line of the income statement, mainly concerning assets currently being sold, including EHS (see Note 4.1.1.1 Assets classi˱ed as held for sale) and former gasworks sites in France (see Note 9.1.1 Impairment losses recognized in 2025).

NOTE 14 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

14.1 Financial assets

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Where the ˱nancial asset is an investment in an equity instrument and is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present the gains and losses on that investment in other comprehensive income.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In accordance with the principles of IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments , ˱nancial assets are recognized and measured either at amortized cost, at fair value through equity or at fair value through pro˱t or loss based on the following two criteria:

Except for trade receivables, which are measured at their transaction price in accordance with IFRS 15, ˱nancial assets are measured, on initial recognition, at fair value plus, in the case of a ˱nancial asset not at fair value through pro˱t or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a ˱rst criterion relating to the contractual cash ˳ow characteristics of the ˱nancial asset. The analysis of contractual cash ˳ow characteristics makes it possible to determine whether these cash ˳ows are “only payments of principal and interest on the outstanding amounts” (known as the “SPPI” test or Solely Payments of Principal and Interest);

At the end of each reporting period, the credit risks of ˱xed-income ˱nancial assets measured using the amortized cost method or at fair value through other comprehensive income are subject to a provision based on the expected credit losses method.

Financial assets also include derivatives that are measured at fair value in accordance with IFRS 9.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a second criterion relating to the business model used by the Group to manage its ˱nancial assets. IFRS 9 de˱nes three different business models: a ˱rst business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash ˳ows (hold to collect), a second model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash ˳ows and selling ˱nancial assets (hold to collect and sell), and other business models.

The identi˱cation of the business model and the analysis of the contractual cash ˳ow characteristics require judgment to ensure that the ˱nancial assets are classi˱ed in the appropriate category.

In accordance with IAS 1, the Group’s current and noncurrent assets and liabilities are shown separately in the consolidated statement of ˱nancial position. In view of the majority of the Group's activities, it was considered that the criterion to be used to classify assets is the expected time to realize the asset or settle the liability: the asset is classi˱ed as current if this period is less than 12 months and as non-current if it is more than 12 months after the reporting period.

[Page 416] The following table presents the Group’s different categories of ˱nancial assets, broken down into current and non-current items:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros Notes

Non-current Current Total Non-current Current Total

Other ˱nancial assets 14.1.1 10,208 2,581 12,789 7,722 11,959 19,681

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 1,463 - 1,463 903 - 903

Equity instruments at fair value through pro ˶t or loss 269 - 269 226 - 226

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 2,015 - 2,015 1,414 24 1,438

Debt instruments at fair value through pro ˶t or loss 2,021 858 2,879 1,468 785 2,253

Loans and receivables at amortized cost 4,441 1,723 6,164 3,711 11,150 14,861

Trade and other receivables (1) 7.2 - 13,491 13,491 - 15,809 15,809

Assets from contracts with customers 7.2 16 8,006 8,022 3 9,229 9,232

Cash and cash equivalents 14.1.3 - 14,507 14,507 - 16,928 16,928

Derivative instruments (1) 14.4 5,347 6,202 11,549 6,689 6,730 13,418

TOTAL 15,572 44,786 60,358 14,413 60,655 75,068

(1) To re ˸ect their similar economic reality, MtM on commodity contracts is presented together with the margin calls, representing a reclassi˶cation in the presentation in the statement of ˶nancial position from “Derivative instruments” to “Trade and other receivables”.

14.1.1 Other ˱nancial assets

14.1.1.1 Equity instruments at fair value

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI)

At each reporting date, for listed securities, fair value is determined based on the quoted market price at the reporting date. For unlisted securities, fair value is measured using valuation models based primarily on the latest market transactions, the discounting of dividends or cash ˳ows and the net asset value.

Equity instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss

Equity instruments that are held for trading or for which the Group has not elected for measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income are measured at fair value through pro ˱t or loss.

This category mainly includes investments in companies not controlled by the Group.

Under IFRS 9 an irrevocable election can be made to present subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading in other comprehensive income. This choice is made on an instrument by instrument basis. Amounts presented in other comprehensive income should not be transferred to pro ˱t or loss including proceeds of disposals. However, IFRS 9 authorizes the transfer of the accumulated pro˱ts and losses to another component of equity. Dividends from such investments are recognized in pro˱t or loss unless the dividend clearly represents the recovery of a portion of the cost of the investment.

Upon initial recognition, these equity instruments are recognized at fair value, which is generally their acquisition cost.

The equity instruments recognized under this line item mainly concern investments in companies that are not controlled by the Group and for which OCI measurement has been selected given their strategic and long-term nature.

At each reporting date, for listed and unlisted securities, the same measurement method as described above should be applied.

Upon initial recognition, these equity instruments are recognized at fair value, which is generally their acquisition cost, plus transaction costs directly attributable to their acquisition.

[Page 417] In millions of euros Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss Total

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 903 227 1,129

Acquisitions 669 88 757

Disposals (206) (24) (230)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in fair value 100 (3) 96

Changes in scope of consolidation, translation adjustments and other (3) (18) (21)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 1,463 269 1,732

Dividends 1 7 8

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Equity instruments break down as €1,233 million of listed equity instruments (€653 million at December 31, 2024) and €499 million of unlisted equity instruments (€476 million at December 31, 2024).

14.1.1.2 Debt instruments at fair value

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

When the ˱nancial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss that was previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassi˱ed from equity to pro˱t or loss.

Debt instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Financial assets whose contractual cash ˳ows do not consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the amount outstanding (SPPI) or that are held in view of an “other” business model are measured at fair value through pro˱t or loss.

Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash ˳ows and selling ˱nancial assets and for which the contractual terms give rise on speci˱ed dates to cash ˳ows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the outstanding amount (SPPI), are measured at fair value through OCI (with a recycling mechanism). This involves a measurement through pro˱t or loss for interest (at amortized cost using the effective interest method), impairment and foreign exchange gains and losses, and through OCI (with a recycling mechanism) for other gains or losses.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This category mainly includes bonds.

The Group's investments in UCITS are accounted for in this caption. They are considered as debt instruments, according to IAS 32, given the existence of an obligation for the issuer to redeem units, at the request of the holder. They are measured at fair value through pro˱t or loss because the contractual cash ˳ow characteristics do not meet the SPPI test.

Fair value gains and losses on these instruments are recognized in other comprehensive income, except for the following items which are recognized in pro˱t or loss:

• expected credit losses and reversals;

• foreign exchange gains and losses.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

Liquid debt instruments held for cash investment purposes at fair value through other comprehensive income

Debt instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss

Liquid debt instruments held for cash investment purposes at fair value through pro˱t or loss Total

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 1,438 - 1,218 1,035 3,691

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Acquisitions 1,078 - 628 85 1,791

Disposals (413) (5) (13) (101) (533)

Changes in fair value 26 - 11 15 52

Changes in scope of consolidation, translation adjustments and other (114) 5 - - (108)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 2,015 - 1,844 1,034 4,893

Debt instruments at fair value at December 31, 2025 primarily included bonds and money market funds held by Synatom for €3,849 million (€2,633 million at December 31, 2024) (see Note 17.2.4 Financial assets set aside to cover the

future costs of dismantling nuclear facilities and managing radioactive ˱ssile material) and liquid instruments deducted from net ˱nancial debt for €1,034 million (€1,035 million at December 31, 2024).

[Page 418] 14.1.1.3 Loans and receivables at amortized cost

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Loans and receivables at amortized cost held by the Group under a business model consisting in holding the instrument in order to collect the contractual cash ˳ows, and whose contractual cash ˳ows consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (SPPI test) are measured at amortized cost. Interest is calculated using the effective interest method.

The following items are recognized in pro˱t or loss:

The Group has entered into services or take-or-pay contracts that are, or contain, a lease and under which the Group acts as lessor and its customers as lessees. Leases are analyzed in accordance with IFRS 16 in order to determine whether they constitute an operating lease or a ˱nance lease. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risk and rewards of ownership of the related asset, the contract is classi˱ed as a ˱nance lease and a ˱nance receivable is recognized to re˳ect the ˱nancing deemed to be granted by the Group to the customer.

• interest income using the effective interest method;

• expected credit losses and reversals;

Leasing security deposits are presented in this caption and recognized at their nominal value.

• foreign exchange gains and losses.

See Note 15 Risks arising from ˱nancial instruments regarding the assessment of counterparty risk.

Fair value

The carrying value of loans and receivables at amortized cost represents a reasonable estimate of their fair value.

The Group has entered into concession agreements with certain public authorities under which the construction, extension or improvement of infrastructure is carried out in return for an unconditional right to receive payment from the concession holder in cash or other ˱nancial assets. In this case, the Group recognizes a ˱nancial receivable from the concession holders.

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Non-current Current Total Non-current Current Total

Loans granted to af ˱liated companies and other debt instruments at amortized cost 1,317 948 2,265 914 10,020 10,934

Other receivables at amortized cost 271 493 764 264 874 1,139

Amounts receivable under concession contracts 2,501 225 2,726 2,222 195 2,417

Amounts receivable under ˱nance leases 352 57 409 310 61 370

TOTAL 4,441 1,723 6,164 3,711 11,150 14,861

others” in the statement of cash ˳ows) in order to settle, in part, the payment of the ˱rst and second last tranches of the nuclear liabilities (see Note 17.2 Obligations relating to nuclear power generation facilities).

Loans granted to af ˱liated companies and other debt instruments at amortized cost include the cash of the debt instruments held by Synatom, awaiting investment for €547 million (€9,622 million at December 31, 2024) (see Note 17.2.4. Financial assets set aside to cover the future costs of dismantling nuclear facilities and managing radioactive ˱ssile material). The change over the period mainly includes the effect of the monetization of part of the ˱nancial assets set aside to cover nuclear provisions (see “Change in loans and receivables originated by the Group and

Amounts receivable under concession contracts amounted to €2,726 million at December 31, 2025 (€2,417 million at December 31, 2024). They are mainly related to the Novo Estado and Gralha Azul electric power transmission networks in Brazil, as well as Kathu’s Solar Park (RF) Proprietary Trading concession in South-Africa.

Other net gains and losses recognized in the income statement relating to loans and receivables at amortized cost break down as follows:

Post-acquisition measurement

Impact of translation adjustments Expected credit loss

In millions of euros Interest income

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 263 (33) (2)

At December 31, 2024 531 1 (1)

[Page 419] Amounts receivable under finance leases

Finance leases are covered under IFRS 16. They relate to energy purchase and sale contracts where the contract conveys an exclusive right to use a production asset, and certain contracts with industrial customers relating to assets held by the Group.

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Undiscounted future minimum lease payments 476 1,011

Unguaranteed residual value accruing to the lessor 38 54

Total gross investment in the lease 514 1,065

Unearned ˱nancial income 93 440

NET INVESTMENT IN THE LEASE (STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION) 422 624

Of which present value of future minimum lease payments 386 578

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Of which present value of unguaranteed residual value 36 46

Undiscounted minimum lease payments receivable under ˱nance leases can be analyzed as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Year 1 70 243

Years 2 to 5 inclusive 195 405

Beyond year 5 210 363

TOTAL 476 1,011

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

14.1.2 Trade and other receivables, and assets from contracts with customers

Information on trade and other receivables and assets from contracts with customers are provided in Note 7.2 Trade and other receivables, assets and liabilities from contracts with customers.

14.1.3 Cash and cash equivalents

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Bank overdrafts are not included in the calculation of cash and cash equivalents and are recorded under “Short-term borrowings” (see Note 14.3 Financial net debt).

At the end of each reporting period, the credit risk of cash and cash equivalent items is subject to a provision calculated in accordance with the expected credit losses model.

This item includes cash equivalents as well as short-term investments that are considered to be readily convertible into a known amount of cash and where the risk of a change in their value is deemed to be negligible based on the criteria set out in IAS 7.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Gains recognized in respect of “Cash and cash equivalents” amounted to €532 million in 2025 compared to €803 million in 2024.

14.1.4 Transfer of ˱nancial assets

“Cash and cash equivalents” totaled €14,507 million at December 31, 2025 (€16,928 million at December 31, 2024). This item comprises standard money market funds with daily liquidity (46%), term deposits with a maturity of less than one month (39%), and deposits with a maturity of less than three months and other products (15%).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This amount included funds related to the green bond issues, which remain unallocated to the funding of eligible projects (see Section 5.3 Green bonds).

At December 31, 2025, the outstanding amount of disposals without recourse of ˱nancial assets as part of transactions leading to full derecognition, amounted to approximately €0.7 billion (compared with €0.5 billion at December 31, 2024).

[Page 420] 14.1.5 Financial assets and equity instruments pledged as collateral for borrowings and debt

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Financial assets and equity instruments pledged as collateral 3,146 3,308

This item mainly includes the carrying amount of equity instruments and shares pledged as collateral for borrowings and debt, mainly in Brazil.

14.2 Financial liabilities

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Borrowings and other ˱nancial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.

derivative component, corresponding to the fair value of the embedded derivative, and a ˱nancial liability component, corresponding to the difference between the amount of the issue and the fair value of the embedded derivative. The separation of components upon initial recognition does not give rise to any gains or losses.

The debt is subsequently recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method while the derivative is measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in pro˱t or loss.

On initial recognition, any issue or redemption premiums and discounts and issuing costs are added to/deducted from the nominal value of the borrowings concerned. These items are taken into account when calculating the effective interest rate and are therefore recorded in the consolidated income statement over the life of the borrowings using the amortized cost method.

Financial liabilities are recognized either:

• as “Amortized cost liabilities” for borrowings, trade s and other payables, and other ˱nancial liabilities;

As regards structured debt instruments that do not have an equity component, the Group may be required to separate an “embedded” derivative instrument from its host contract. When an embedded derivative is separated from its host contract, the initial carrying amount of the structured instrument is broken down into an embedded

• as “Liabilities measured at fair value through pro ˱t or loss” for derivative ˱nancial instruments and for ˱nancial liabilities designated as such.

The following table presents the Group’s different ˱nancial liabilities at December 31, 2025, broken down into current and non-current items:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros Notes

Non-current Current Total Non-current Current Total

Borrowings and debt 14.3 43,235 11,333 54,568 42,880 9,127 52,006

Trade and other payables (1) 14.2 - 16,606 16,606 - 19,007 19,007

Liabilities from contracts with customers 7.2 451 3,606 4,057 153 3,818 3,971

Derivative instruments (1) 14.4 7,083 5,537 12,621 7,695 6,096 13,792

Other ˱nancial liabilities 87 - 87 97 - 97

TOTAL 50,856 37,083 87,939 50,826 38,048 88,874

(1) To re ˸ect their similar economic reality, MtM on commodity contracts is presented together with the margin calls, representing a reclassi˶cation in the presentation in the statement of ˶nancial position from “Derivative instruments” to “Trade and other receivables”.

14.2.1 Trade and other payables

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Trade payables 15,569 17,966

Payable on ˱xed assets 1,037 1,041

TOTAL 16,606 19,007

The carrying amount of these ˱nancial liabilities represents a reasonable estimate of their fair value.

14.2.2 Liabilities from contracts with customers

Information on liabilities from contracts with customers are provided in Note 7.2 Trade and other receivables, assets and liabilities from contracts with customers.

[Page 421] 14.3 Financial net debt

14.3.1 Financial net debt by type

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Non-current Current Total Non-current Current Total

Borrowings and debt Bond issues 32,450 2,877 35,327 33,341 1,409 34,750

Bank borrowings 6,467 596 7,063 6,003 844 6,847

Negotiable commercial paper - 5,705 5,705 - 5,001 5,001

Lease liabilities 3,210 464 3,674 3,270 473 3,743

Other borrowings (1) 1,108 1,490 2,598 266 1,138 1,404

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Bank overdrafts and current accounts - 201 201 - 262 262

Borrowings and debt 43,235 11,333 54,568 42,880 9,127 52,006

Other ˱nancial assets Other ˱nancial assets deducted from ˱nancial net debt (2) (257) (1,227) (1,484) (319) (1,555) (1,874)

Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - (14,507) (14,507) - (16,928) (16,928)

Derivative instruments Derivatives hedging borrowings (3) 305 20 325 (41) 60 19

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

FINANCIAL NET DEBT 43,283 (4,381) 38,902 42,520 (9,296) 33,223

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) This item corresponds to the revaluation of the interest rate component of debt in a quali ˶ed fair value hedging relationship for a negative €220 million, margin calls on debt hedging derivatives carried in liabilities for €364 million and the impact of amortized cost for €444 million (compared to, respectively, a negative €42 million, a positive €433 million and a positive €452 million at December 31, 2024). (2) This item notably corresponds to assets related to ˶nancing for €78 million, liquid debt instruments held for cash investment purposes for €1,034 million and margin calls (assets) on derivatives hedging borrowings for €371 million (compared to, respectively, €66 million, €1,035 million and €772 million at December 31, 2024). (3) This item represents the interest rate component of the fair value of derivatives hedging borrowings in a designated fair value hedging relationship. It also represents the exchange rate and outstanding accrued interest rate components of the fair value of all debt-related derivatives irrespective of whether or not they qualify as hedges.

The fair value of gross borrowings and debt (excluding lease liabilities) amounted to €49,612 million at December 31, 2025, compared with a carrying amount of €50,774 million.

Financial income and expenses related to borrowings and debt are presented in Note 10 Net ˱nancial income/(loss).

14.3.2 Reconciliation between ˱nancial net debt and cash ˳ow from (used in) ˱nancing activities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024

Cash ˳ow from (used in) ˱nancing activities

Cash ˳ow from operating and investing activities and change in cash and cash equivalents Change in fair value Translation adjustments

Changes in scope of consolidation and others

Dec. 31, 2025

Borrowings and debt Bond issues 34,750 1,067 - - (568) 78 35,327

Bank borrowings 6,847 169 - - (240) 286 7,063

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Negotiable commercial paper 5,001 772 - - (68) - 5,705

Lease liabilities (1) 3,743 (458) - - (141) 530 3,674

Other borrowings 1,404 932 - 185 93 (16) 2,598

Bank overdrafts and current accounts 262 47 - - (63) (44) 201

Borrowings and debt 52,006 2,529 - 185 (986) 834 54,568

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other ˱nancial assets Other ˱nancial assets deducted from ˱nancial net debt (1,874) 459 - (21) 2 (51) (1,484)

Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents (16,928) - 1,752 - 470 199 (14,507)

Derivative instruments Derivatives hedging borrowings 19 382 - 209 (285) - 325

FINANCIAL NET DEBT 33,223 3,370 1,752 373 (798) 982 38,902

(1) Lease liabilities: the negative amount of €458 million included in the “Cash ˸ow from (used in) ˶nancing activities” column corresponds to lease payments, excluding interest (total cash out˸ow for leases amounted to a negative €576 million, of which €118 million relating to interest).

[Page 422] 14.3.3 Main events of the period

14.3.3.1 Impact of changes in the scope of consolidation and in exchange rates on ˱nancial net debt

Foreign-exchange movements in 2025 reduced net ˱nancial debt by €798 million, mainly driven by a €738 million favorable impact in relation to the US dollar, partly offset by a €15 million negative impact in relation to the Brazilian real.

Disposals and acquisitions during 2025 (including the effects of changes in the scope of consolidation) are described in Note 4.1 Main changes in Group structure ˱nalized in 2025.

14.3.3.2 Financing and re ˱nancing transactions

The Group carried out the following main transactions in 2025:

Outstanding amount

Outstanding amount

Entity Type Currency Coupon Issue date Maturity date

(in millions of currency)

(in millions of euros)

ISSUES

ENGIE SA green bonds CHF 1.205% 4/11/2025 4/11/2029 100 107

ENGIE SA green bonds CHF 1.655% 4/11/2025 4/11/2033 200 215

ENGIE SA bonds EUR 2% 7/4/2025 9/28/2037 100 100

ENGIE SA bonds EUR 0.5% 7/2/2025 10/24/2030 100 100

ENGIE SA bonds EUR 3.25% 9/11/2025 1/11/2032 500 500

ENGIE SA green bonds EUR 3.875% 9/11/2025 9/11/2037 700 700

EECL bonds CLF 3.6% 8/1/2025 8/1/2045 3 109

EBE Renewables bonds BRL 14.35%

1/15/2025 1/15/2032 2,000 318

IPCA+7.56%

EBE Renewables bonds BRL IPCA 7/14/2025 1,450 347

EBE Renewables bonds BRL 12.88% 7/14/2025 750

REIMBURSEMENTS

ENGIE SA bonds EUR 1.375% 3/27/2020 3/27/2025 604 604

ENGIE SA bonds EUR 0.875% 9/19/2018 9/19/2025 343 343

EECL bonds USD 5.228% 1/29/2025 1/29/2025 138 124

EBE Renewables bonds BRL IPCA+5.66% 7/15/2025 727 115

[Page 423] 14.4 Derivative instruments

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Hedging instruments: recognition and presentation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Derivative instruments qualifying as hedging instruments are recognized in the consolidated statement of ˱nancial position and measured at fair value. However, their accounting treatment varies according to whether they are classi˱ed as (i) a fair value hedge of an asset or liability; (ii) a cash ˳ow hedge, or (iii) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.

Derivative ˱nancial instruments are measured at fair value. This fair value is determined on the basis of market data, available from external contributors. In the absence of an external benchmark, a valuation based on internal models recognized by market participants and favoring data directly derived from observable data such as OTC quotations is used.

Fair value hedges

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The change in fair value of derivative ˱nancial instruments is recorded in the income statement except when they are designated as hedging instruments in a cash ˳ow hedge or net investment hedge. In this case, changes in the value of the hedging instruments are recognized directly in equity, excluding the ineffective portion of the hedges.

A fair value hedge is de ˱ned as a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognized asset or liability such as a ˱xed-rate loan or borrowing, or of assets, liabilities or an unrecognized ˱rm commitment denominated in a foreign currency.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group uses derivative ˱nancial instruments to manage and reduce its exposure to market risks arising from ˳uctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices, mainly for gas and electricity. The use of derivative instruments is governed by a Group policy for managing interest rate, currency and commodity risks (see Note 15 Risks arising from ˱nancial instruments).

The gain or loss from remeasuring the hedging instrument at fair value is recognized in pro˱t or loss. The gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk adjusts the carrying amount of the hedged item and is also recognized in pro˱t or loss even if the hedged item is in a category in respect of which changes in fair value are recognized through other comprehensive income. These two adjustments are presented net in the consolidated income statement, with the net effect corresponding to the ineffective portion of the hedge.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Cash ˸ow hedges

Derivative ˱nancial instruments are contracts (i) whose value changes in response to the change in one or more observable variables, (ii) that do not require any material initial net investment, and (iii) that are settled at a future date.

A cash ˳ow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash ˳ows that could affect the Group’s income. The hedged cash ˳ows may be attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognized ˱nancial or non-˱nancial asset or a highly probable forecast transaction.

Derivative instruments include swaps, options, futures and swaptions, as well as forward commitments to purchase or sell listed and unlisted securities, and ˱rm commitments or options to purchase or sell non-˱nancial assets that involve physical delivery of the underlying.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognized directly in other comprehensive income, net of tax, while the ineffective portion is recognized in pro˱t or loss. The gains or losses accumulated in equity are reclassi˱ed to the consolidated income statement under the same caption as the loss or gain on the hedged item – i.e., current operating income for operating cash ˳ows and ˱nancial income or expenses for other cash ˳ows – in the same periods in which the hedged cash ˳ows affect income.

For purchases and sales of electricity and natural gas, the Group systematically analyzes whether the contract was entered into in the “normal” course of operations and therefore falls outside the scope of IFRS 9. This analysis consists ˱rstly in demonstrating that the contract is entered into and continues to be held for the purpose of physical delivery or receipt of the commodity in accordance with the Group’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements for volumes intended to be used or sold by the Group within a reasonable time frame, as part of its operations.

If the hedging relationship is discontinued, in particular because the hedge is no longer considered effective, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument remains recognized in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. However, if a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument is immediately recognized in pro˱t or loss.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation

The second step is to demonstrate that the Group has no practice of settling similar contracts on a net basis and that these contracts are not equivalent to written options. In particular, in the case of electricity and gas sales allowing the buyer a certain degree of ˳exibility concerning the volumes delivered, the Group distinguishes between contracts that are equivalent to capacity sales considered as transactions falling within the scope of ordinary operations and those that are equivalent to written ˱nancial options, which are accounted for as derivative ˱nancial instruments.

In the same way as for a cash ˳ow hedge, the portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge of the currency risk is recognized directly in other comprehensive income, net of tax, while the ineffective portion is recognized in pro˱t or loss. The gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are transferred to the consolidated income statement when the investment is liquidated or sold.

Only contracts that meet all of the above conditions are considered as falling outside the scope of IFRS 9. Adequate speci˱c documentation is compiled to support this analysis.

[Page 424] Hedging instruments: identi ˱cation and documentation of hedging relationships

The models used to evaluate these instruments take into account assumptions based on market inputs:

• the fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated based on the present value of future cash ˳ows;

The hedging instruments and hedged items are designated at the inception of the hedging relationship. The hedging relationship is formally documented in each case, specifying the hedging strategy, the hedged risk and the method used to assess hedge effectiveness. Only derivative contracts entered into with external counterparties are considered as being eligible for hedge accounting.

• the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps is calculated by reference to current prices for contracts with similar maturities by discounting the future cash ˳ow spread (difference between the forward exchange rate under the contract and the forward exchange rate recalculated in line with the new market conditions applicable to the nominal amount);

Hedge effectiveness is assessed and documented at the inception of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis throughout the periods for which the hedge was designated.

• the fair value of currency and interest rate options is calculated using option pricing models;

Hedge effectiveness is demonstrated both prospectively and retrospectively using various methods, based mainly on a comparison between changes in fair value or cash ˳ows between the hedging instrument and the hedged item. Methods based on an analysis of statistical correlations between historical price data are also used.

Derivative instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting: recognition and presentation

• commodity derivatives are valued by reference to listed market prices based on the present value of future cash ˳ows (commodity swaps or commodity forwards) and option pricing models (options), for which market price volatility may be a factor. Contracts with maturities exceeding the depth of transactions for which prices are observable, or which are particularly complex, may be valued based on internal assumptions;

• exceptionally, for complex contracts negotiated with independent ˱nancial institutions, the Group uses the values established by its counterparties.

These items mainly concern derivative ˱nancial instruments used in economic hedges that have not been – or are no longer – documented as hedging relationships for accounting purposes.

When a derivative ˱nancial instrument does not qualify or no longer quali˱es for hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognized directly in pro˱t or loss under (i) current operating income for derivative instruments with non-˱nancial assets as the underlying, and (ii) ˱nancial income or expenses for currency, interest rate and equity derivatives.

These instruments are presented in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy except when the evaluation is based mainly on data that are not observable, in which case they are presented in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Most often, this is the case for derivatives with a maturity that falls outside the observability period for market data relating to the underlying or when certain inputs such as the volatility of the underlying are not observable.

Derivative instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting used by the Group in connection with proprietary commodity trading activities and other derivatives expiring in less than 12 months are recognized in the consolidated statement of ˱nancial position in current assets and liabilities, while derivatives expiring after this period are classi˱ed as non-current items.

Fair value measurement

Except in case of enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements, counterparty risk is included in the fair value of ˱nancial derivative instrument assets and liabilities. It is calculated according to the “expected loss” method and takes into account the exposure at default, the probability of default and the loss given default. The probability of default is determined on the basis of credit ratings assigned to each counterparty (“historical probability of default” approach).

Offsetting of ˱nancial assets and liabilities in the statement of ˱nancial position

The fair value of instruments listed on an active market is determined by reference to the market price. In this case, these instruments are presented in level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

The fair value of unlisted ˱nancial instruments for which there is no active market and for which observable market data exist is determined based on valuation techniques such as option pricing models or the discounted cash ˳ow method.

Financial assets and liabilities are presented net in the statement of ˱nancial position when the offsetting criteria of IAS 32 are met. Offsetting relates to instruments entered into with counterparties for which the contractual terms provide for a net settlement of transactions and a collateralization agreement (margin calls). In particular, commodity derivative assets and liabilities are offset for transactions with the same counterparty, in the same currency, by type of commodity and delivery point and with identical maturities.

[Page 425] Derivative instruments recognized in assets and liabilities are measured at fair value and break down as follows:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Noncurrent Current Total Noncurrent Current Total

Noncurrent Current Total Noncurrent Current Total

Derivatives hedging borrowings 251 43 294 556 63 619 472 73 545 431 133 564

Derivatives hedging commodities 3,321 6,115 9,436 5,160 5,424 10,584 4,948 6,577 11,525 5,715 5,887 11,602

Derivatives hedging other items (1) 1,775 44 1,819 1,367 51 1,418 1,269 79 1,348 1,549 77 1,626

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 5,347 6,202 11,549 7,083 5,537 12,621 6,689 6,730 13,418 7,695 6,096 13,792

(1) Derivatives hedging other items mainly include the interest rate component of interest rate derivatives (not qualifying as hedges or qualifying as cash ˸ow hedges) that are excluded from net ˶nancial debt, as well as net investment hedge derivatives.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The balance of derivative hedging commodities is lower than at December 31, 2024 due to the decrease in commodity prices in 2025. Most of these derivatives mature in 2026, 2027 and 2028.

The net amount of derivatives hedging commodities recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position is measured after taking into account offsetting agreements that meet the criteria set out in paragraph 42 of IAS 32. This offsetting generated balance sheet effects of around €4.3 billion in 2025 and mainly concerned OTC derivatives concluded with counterparties for which the contractual terms provide for a net settlement of the transactions as well as a collateralization agreement (margin calls).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

14.4.1 Offsetting of derivative instrument assets and liabilities

The net amount of derivative instruments after taking into account enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements, whether or not they are offset in accordance with paragraph 42 of IAS 32, is presented in the table below:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other offsetting agreements (2) Total

Gross amount

In millions of euros

Gross amount

Net amount recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position (1)

Other offsetting agreements (2) Total

Net amount recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position (1)

Assets Derivatives hedging commodities 13,701 9,436 (1,523) 7,913 14,924 11,525 (2,509) 9,016

2,113 2,113 (428) 1,685 1,893 1,893 (132) 1,761

Derivatives hedging borrowings and other items

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Liabilities Derivatives hedging commodities (14,849) (10,584) 1,956 (8,628) (15,000) (11,602) 1,332 (10,270 )

(2,037) (2,037) 412 (1,625) (2,190) (2,190) 605 (1,584)

Derivatives hedging borrowings and other items

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Net amount recognized in the statement of ˶nancial position after taking into account offsetting agreements that meet the criteria set out in paragraph 42 of IAS 32. This offsetting mainly concerns OTC derivatives entered into with counterparties for which the contractual terms provide for a net settlement of the transactions as well as a collateralization agreement (margin calls). (2) Other offsetting agreements include collateral and other guarantee instruments, as well as offsetting agreements that do not meet the criteria set out in paragraph 42 of IAS 32.

[Page 426] 14.5 Fair value of ˱nancial instruments by level in the fair value hierarchy

14.5.1 Financial assets

The table below shows the allocation of ˱nancial instruments carried in assets to the different levels in the fair value hierarchy:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

Other ˱nancial assets (excluding loans and receivables at amortized cost) 6,605 5,082 - 1,523 4,796 3,285 - 1,511

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 1,463 1,233 - 230 903 653 - 250

Equity instruments at fair value through pro ˶t or loss 269 - - 269 226 - - 226

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 2,015 2,015 - - 1,438 1,438 - -

Debt instruments at fair value through pro ˶t or loss 2,858 1,834 - 1,024 2,229 1,195 - 1,034

Derivative instruments 11,549 96 9,466 1,987 13,418 47 11,975 1,397

Derivatives hedging borrowings 294 - 294 - 545 - 545 -

Derivatives hedging commodities – relating to portfolio management activities (1) 5,571 2 4,621 949 7,526 - 6,905 620

Derivatives hedging commodities – relating to trading activities (1) 3,864 94 2,732 1,038 4,000 47 3,176 776

Derivatives hedging other items 1,819 - 1,819 - 1,348 - 1,348 -

TOTAL 18,154 5,178 9,466 3,510 18,214 3,332 11,975 2,908

(1) Derivative ˶nancial instruments relating to commodities classi˶ed in level 3 mainly include long-term gas supply contracts and electricity contracts measured at fair value through pro˶t or loss. This category notably comprises contracts related to renewable electricity supply or offtake arrangements (such as VPPAs or Virtual Power Purchase Agreements), as well as hedges associated with battery power storage operations.

A de ˱nition of these three levels is presented in Note 14.4 Derivative instruments.

Other ˱nancial assets (excluding loans and receivables at amortized cost)

Changes in level 3 equity and debt instruments at fair value can be analyzed as follows:

Equity instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

Debt instruments at fair value through pro˱t or loss

Other ˱nancial assets (excluding loans and receivables at amortized cost)

In millions of euros

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 250 - 226 1,034 1,511

Acquisitions 10 - 88 86 184

Disposals (13) (5) (24) (114) (156)

Changes in fair value (15) - (3) 10 (8)

Changes in scope of consolidation, translation adjustments and other (2) 5 (18) 8 (7)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 230 - 269 1,024 1,523

Gains/(losses) recorded in income relating to instruments held at the end of the period 6

[Page 427] Derivative instruments

Changes in level 3 commodity derivatives can be analyzed as follows:

In millions of euros Net Asset/(Liability)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 (295)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in fair value recorded in income 188

Settlements (159)

Transfer from level 3 to levels 1 and 2 (19)

Net fair value recorded in income (285)

Deferred Day-One gains/(losses) -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 (286)

14.5.2 Financial liabilities

The table below shows the allocation of ˱nancial instruments carried in liabilities to the different levels in the fair value hierarchy:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

Borrowings used in designated fair value hedges 9,159 - 9,159 - 9,555 - 9,555 -

Borrowings not used in designated fair value hedges 40,453 24,717 15,736 - 37,237 23,711 13,527 -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Derivative instruments 12,621 16 10,331 2,273 13,792 30 12,071 1,691

Derivatives hedging borrowings 619 - 619 - 564 - 564 -

Derivatives hedging commodities ̶ relating to portfolio management activities (1) 7,537 - 6,222 1,315 8,114 - 7,094 1,020

Derivatives hedging commodities ̶ relating to trading activities (1) 3,047 16 2,072 958 3,488 30 2,787 671

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Derivatives hedging other items 1,418 - 1,418 - 1,626 - 1,626 -

TOTAL 62,233 24,733 35,226 2,273 60,584 23,740 35,152 1,691

(1) Derivative ˶nancial instruments relating to commodities classi˶ed in level 3 mainly include long-term gas supply contracts and electricity contracts measured at fair value through pro˶t or loss. This category notably comprises contracts related to renewable electricity supply or offtake arrangements (such as VPPAs or “Virtual Power Purchase Agreements”), as well as hedges associated with battery electricity storage operations.

A de ˱nition of these three levels is presented in Note 14.4 Derivative instruments.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Borrowings used in designated fair value hedges

Borrowings not used in designated fair value hedges

Listed bond issues are included in level 1.

This caption includes bonds in a designated fair value hedging relationship, which are presented in level 2 in the above table. Only the interest rate component of the bonds is remeasured, with fair value determined by reference to observable inputs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other borrowings not used in a designated hedging relationship, are presented in level 2 in the above table. The fair value of these borrowings is determined on the basis of future discounted cash ˳ows and relies on directly or indirectly observable data.

[Page 428] NOTE 15 RISKS ARISING FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Group mainly uses derivative instruments to manage its exposure to market risks. Financial risk management procedures are set out in Chapter 2 Risk factors of the Universal Registration Document.

15.1 Market risks

15.1.1 Commodity risks

Commodity risks arise primarily from the following activities:

• portfolio management; and

The risk framework aims to safeguard the Group’s ˱nancial resources over the budget period and smooth out medium-term earnings (over three or ˱ve years, depending on the maturity of each market). It encourages portfolio managers to take out economic hedges on their portfolio.

• trading.

The Group has primarily identi ˱ed two types of commodity risks: price risk resulting from ˳uctuations in market prices, and volume risk inherent to the business.

Sensitivities of the commodity-related derivatives portfolio used as part of the portfolio management activities at December 31, 2025 are detailed in the table below. These sensitivities have been established in the current uncertain context.

In the ordinary course of its operations, the Group is exposed to commodity risks, mainly on natural gas and electricity.

15.1.1.1 Portfolio management activities

These assumptions do not constitute an estimate of future market prices and are not representative of future changes in consolidated earnings and equity, insofar as they do not include the sensitivities relating to the purchase and sale contracts for the underlying commodities, which are not recognized at fair value.

Portfolio management seeks to optimize the market value of assets (power plants, gas supply contracts, energy sales and gas storage by pump and battery and transportation) over various timeframes (short-, mediumand long-term). Market value is optimized by:

• guaranteeing supply and ensuring the balance between physical needs and resources;

• managing market risks (price, volume) to unlock optimum value from portfolios within a speci ˱c risk framework.

SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS (1)

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Pre-tax impact on income Pre-tax impact on equity

In millions of euros Price changes

Pre-tax impact on income Pre-tax impact on equity

Oil-based products +USD 10/bbl - 42 - 42

Natural gas – Europe -€10/MWh 238 (1,320) (284) (957)

Natural gas – Europe +€10/MWh (254) 1,320 278 957

Natural gas – Rest of the world +€3/MWh 40 189 28 199

Electricity – Europe -€20/MWh 24 (1,204) 65 (598)

Electricity – Europe +€20/MWh (27) 1,204 (65) 598

Electricity – Rest of the world (mainly US) +€5/MWh (634) - (448) -

Greenhouse gas emission rights +€2/ton 37 - 29 4

EUR/USD +10% (2) 182 75 (183)

EUR/GBP +10% 6 - (1) -

(1) The sensitivities shown above apply solely to ˶nancial commodity derivatives used for hedging purposes as part of the portfolio management activities.

[Page 429] 15.1.1.2 Trading activities

Revenues from trading activities totaled €1,324 million in 2025 (€2,253 million in 2024).

The Group’s trading activities are primarily conducted within:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The use of VaR to quantify market risk arising from trading activities provides a transversal measure of risk, taking all markets and products into account. VaR represents the maximum potential loss on a portfolio over a speci ˱ed holding period based on a given con˱dence interval. It is not an indication of expected results but is back-tested on a regular basis.

• ENGIE Global Markets. Its role is to manage the risks of the physical and ˱nancial energy portfolio for the Group or external customers, providing them with access to the market and implementing customized hedging strategies;

The Group uses a one-day holding period and a 99% con˱dence interval to calculate VaR, as well as stress tests, in accordance with banking regulatory requirements.

• ENGIE SA mainly for the optimization of part of its longterm gas supply contracts.

The VaR shown below corresponds to the global VaR of the Group’s entities with trading activities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These entities operate on organized or OTC markets in derivative instruments such as futures, forwards, swaps, or options. Exposure to trading activities is strictly controlled by daily monitoring of compliance with Value at Risk (VaR) limits.

VALUE AT RISK

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 2025 average (1) 2025 maximum (2) 2025 minimum (2) 2024 average (1)

Trading activities 8 12 20 6 13

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Average daily VaR. (2) Maximum and minimum daily VaR observed in 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

VaR limits are set within the framework of Group governance. The minimum and the maximum, in 2025, are to be compared respectively with €5 million and with €27 million in 2024.

The continuous monitoring of market risks and the strict application of these measures have enabled the Group to perform its trading activities in a supervised environment during the year.

15.1.2 Hedges of commodity risks

Hedging instruments and sources of hedge ineffectiveness

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Sources of hedge ineffectiveness are mainly related to uncertainty regarding the timing and potential mismatches in settlement dates, and, in a context of volatile commodity market prices, indices between the derivative instruments and the associated underlying exposures.

The Group enters into cash ˳ow hedges, using derivative instruments (˱rm or option contracts) contracted over the counter or on organized markets, to reduce its commodity risks, which relate mainly to future cash ˳ows from contracted or expected sales and purchases of commodities. These instruments may be settled net or involve physical delivery of the underlying.

The fair values of commodity derivatives are indicated in the table below:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities

In millions of euros

Noncurrent Current Noncurrent Current

Noncurrent Current Noncurrent Current

Derivative instruments relating to portfolio management activities 3,321 2,251 (5,160) (2,376) 4,948 2,577 (5,715) (2,399)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Cash ˸ow hedges 536 840 (834) (1,728) 520 1,570 (575) (811)

Other derivative instruments 2,785 1,411 (4,326) (649) 4,428 1,007 (5,140) (1,588)

Derivative instruments relating to trading activities - 3,864 - (3,047) - 4,000 - (3,488)

TOTAL 3,321 6,115 (5,160) (5,424) 4,948 6,577 (5,715) (5,887)

(i) are sensitive to changes in prices, (ii) can be modi˱ed by subsequent transactions, and (iii) will be offset by future cash ˳ows arising on the underlying hedged transactions.

The fair values shown in the table above re ˳ect the amounts for which assets could be exchanged, or liabilities settled, at the end of the reporting period. They are not representative of an operational performance measure insofar as positions

[Page 430] 15.1.2.1 Cash ˳ow hedges

The fair values of cash ﬂow hedges by type of commodity are as follows:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities

In millions of euros

Non-current Current Non-current Current Non-current Current Non-current Current

Natural gas 103 259 (334) (634) 313 1,014 (277) (516)

Electricity 424 366 (488) (834) 199 251 (297) (69)

Oil - 214 - (256) - 304 - (225)

Other (1) 9 1 (12) (4) 8 1 (1) (1)

TOTAL 536 840 (834) (1,728) 520 1,570 (575) (811)

(1) Mainly includes foreign currency hedges on commodities.

NOTIONAL AMOUNTS (NET) (1)

Unit 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Natural gas GWh 108,238 53,360 24,352 6,612 1,040 (206) 193,396

Electricity GWh 36,181 13,868 6,425 2,449 519 52 59,494

Oil-based products Thousands of barrels (5,207) - - - - - (5,207)

Forex Millions of euros - - - - - - -

Greenhouse gas emission rights Thousands of tons 98 75 64 20 - - 257

(1) Long/(short) position.

EFFECTS OF HEDGE ACCOUNTING ON THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL POSITION AND PERFORMANCE

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Fair value Nominal Fair value Nominal

In millions of euros

Assets Liabilities Total Total Total Total

Cash ˳ow hedges 1,376 (2,562) (1,186) 5,398 705 4,885

TOTAL 1,376 (2,562) (1,186) 5,398 705 4,885

The fair values shown in the table above are positive for assets and negative for liabilities.

In millions of euros Nominal amount Fair Value

Change in fair value used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness

Change in the value of the hedging instrument recognized in other comprehensive income (1)

Ineffective portion recognized in pro ˱t or loss (1)

Line item of the income statement

Amount reclassi ˱ed from the hedge reserve to pro˱t or loss (1)

Cash ˳ow hedges Hedging instruments 5,398 (1,186) (2,035) (8) (211)

Current operating income

Hedged items (2,043)

(1) Gains/(losses).

Hedge inef ˱ciency is calculated based on the change in fair value of the hedging instrument compared to the change in fair value of the hedged items since inception of the hedging

relationship. The fair value of the hedging instruments at December 31, 2025 re˳ects the cumulative change in fair value of the hedging instruments since their inception.

[Page 431] MATURITY OF COMMODITY DERIVATIVES DESIGNATED AS CASH FLOW HEDGES

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Fair value of derivatives by maturity date (896) (213) (71) (6) 4 (3) (1,186) 705

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AMOUNTS PRESENTED IN THE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND THE STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

The following table provides a reconciliation of each component of equity and an analysis of other comprehensive income:

Cash ˳ow hedges

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Derivatives hedging commodities

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 409

Effective portion recognized in equity (2,034)

Amount reclassi ˱ed from hedge reserve to pro˱t or loss (211)

Translation adjustments -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in scope of consolidation and other -

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 (1,837)

OUTSTANDING BORROWINGS AND DEBT

15.1.2.2 Other commodity derivatives

Other commodity derivatives include:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

66%

75% 68%

72%

• commodity purchase and sale contracts that were not entered into or are no longer held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of commodities in accordance with the Group’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements;

• embedded derivatives; and

11%

11%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

11%

15%

• derivative ˱nancial instruments that are not eligible for hedge accounting in accordance with IFRS 9 or for which the Group has elected not to apply hedge accounting.

9% 9%

14%

8% 13% 8% 5%

5%

15.1.3 Currency risk

After hedging Before hedging After hedging Before hedging

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

EUR

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

BRL USD Other currencies

FINANCIAL NET DEBT

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group is exposed to currency risk, de ˱ned as the impact on its statement of ˱nancial position and income statement of ﬂuctuations in exchange rates affecting its operating and ˱nancing activities. Currency risk comprises (i) transaction risk arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) speci˱c transaction risk related to investments, mergers and acquisitions or disposal projects, and (iii) translation risk arising from the conversion into euros of income statement and statement of ˱nancial position items from subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the euro. The main translation risk exposures correspond to assets in US dollars, Brazilian real and pounds sterling.

59%

71% 59%

65%

15.1.3.1 Financial instruments by currency

13%

18%

12% 10%

13%

The following tables present a breakdown by currency of outstanding borrowings and debt and ˱nancial net debt, before and after hedging:

11% 11%

19% 10%

17%

5%

7%

After hedging Before hedging After hedging Before hedging

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

EUR

BRL USD Other currencies

[Page 432] 15.1.3.2 Currency risk sensitivity analysis

A sensitivity analysis to currency risk on equity was performed based on all ˱nancial instruments quali˱ed as net investment hedges at the reporting date.

For currency risk, sensitivity corresponds to a 10% rise or fall in exchange rates of foreign currencies against the euro compared to closing rates.

A sensitivity analysis to currency risk on financial income/ (loss) – excluding the income statement translation impact of foreign subsidiaries – was performed based on all ˱nancial instruments managed by the Treasury Department and representing a currency risk (including derivative ˱nancial instruments).

Dec. 31, 2025

Impact on income Impact on equity

In millions of euros

+10% (1) -10% (1) +10% (1) -10% (1)

Exposures denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of companies carrying the liabilities on their statements of ˱nancial position (2) 9 (9) N/A N/A

Financial instruments (debt and derivatives) quali ˱ed as net investment hedges (3) N/A N/A 631 (634)

(1) +(-)10%: depreciation (appreciation) of 10% of all foreign currencies against the euro. (2) Excluding derivatives quali ˶ed as net investment hedges. (3) This impact is offset by the change in the net investment hedged.

FINANCIAL NET DEBT

15.1.4 Interest rate risk

The Group seeks to manage its borrowing costs by limiting the impact of interest rate ﬂuctuations on its income statement. The Group’s policy is therefore to arbitrate between ˱xed rates, ﬂoating rates and capped ﬂoating rates for its ˱nancial net debt. The interest rate mix may shift within a range de˱ned by Group Management in line with market trends.

100% 91% 118% 84%

In order to manage the interest rate structure for its net debt, the Group uses hedging instruments, particularly interest rate swaps and options.

16%

9%

The Group also uses forward interest rate pre-hedges to protect the re˱nancing rate of part of its debt.

-18%

15.1.4.1 Analysis of ˱nancial instruments by type of interest rate

After hedging Before hedging After hedging Before hedging

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

The following tables present a breakdown by type of interest rate of outstanding borrowings and debt and ˱nancial net debt before and after hedging:

Fixed rate Floating rate

OUTSTANDING BORROWINGS AND DEBT

15.1.4.2 Interest rate risk sensitivity analysis

Sensitivity was analyzed based on the Group’s ˱nancial net debt position (including the impact of interest rate and foreign currency derivatives relating to net debt) at the reporting date.

71% 64% 74% 53%

For interest rate risk, sensitivity corresponds to a 100-basispoint rise or fall in the yield curve compared to year-end interest rates.

36%

29% 26% 47%

After hedging Before hedging After hedging Before hedging

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Fixed rate Floating rate

[Page 433] Dec. 31, 2025

Impact on income Impact on equity

In millions of euros

+100 basis points -100 basis points +100 basis points -100 basis points

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net interest expense on ˳oating-rate net debt (nominal amount) and on ˳oating-rate leg of derivatives (32) 32 N/A N/A

Change in fair value of derivatives not qualifying as hedges 50 (11) N/A N/A

Change in fair value of derivatives qualifying as cash ˳ow hedges N/A N/A 280 (346)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

15.1.5.2 Interest rate risk management

15.1.5 Currency and interest rate hedges

15.1.5.1 Currency risk management

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Foreign currency exchange risk (or “FX” risk) is managed based on a policy approved by Group Management. The policy distinguishes between the three following main sources of currency risk:

The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through its ˱nancing and investing activities. Interest rate risk is de˱ned as a ˱nancial risk resulting from ˳uctuations in base interest rates that may increase the cost of debt and affect the viability of investments. Base interest rates are market interest rates, such as EURIBOR, SOFR, etc., that do not include the borrower’s credit spread.

• regular transaction risk

The two main sources of interest rate risk are as follows:

• interest rate risk relating to Group net debt

Interest rate risk is actively managed by monitoring changes in market rates and their impact on the Group’s gross and net debt;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

FX risks related to operational activities are systematically hedged when the related cash ˳ows are certain, with a hedging horizon that corresponds at least to the mediumterm plan horizon. For cash ˳ows that are not certain, in their entirety, the hedge is initially based on a “no regret” volume.

• project interest rate risk

For FX risks related to ˱nancial activities, all signi˱cant exposures related to cash, ˱nancial debt, etc. are systematically hedged.

• project transaction risk

The interest rate risk management for speci ˱c projects (i.e. investment projects, acquisitions, disposals and other restructuring projects) is implemented, on the basis of a number of factors including the likelihood of completion, the availability of hedging instruments and their associated cost.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Hedging instruments and sources of hedge ineffectiveness

Management of these FX risks (i.e. investment projects, acquisitions, disposals and other restructuring projects) takes into account the likelihood of the risk’s occurrence and its evolution, as well as the availability of hedging instruments and their associated cost.

The Group principally uses the following instruments:

• translation risk

• derivative instruments. These mostly correspond to overthe-counter contracts that are used to manage base interest rates. Such instruments include:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• swaps, to change the nature of interest payments on debts, typically from ˱xed to ˳oating rates or vice versa,

The relevance of hedging this translation risk (i.e. risk on a net asset whose functional currency is not the euro) is assessed regularly for each currency (as a minimum) or each set of assets in the same currency, taking into account notably the value of the assets and the hedging costs.

• plain vanilla interest rate options;

Hedging instruments and sources of hedge ineffectiveness

The Group principally uses the following instruments:

• caps, ˳oors and collars that allow the impact of interest rate ˳uctuations to be limited by setting minimum and/or maximum limits on ˳oating interest rates.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• derivative instruments: these mostly correspond to overthe-counter contracts and include FX forward transactions, FX swaps, currency swaps, cross currency swaps, plain vanilla FX options or combinations (calls, puts or collars);

• monetary items such as debt, cash and loans.

Sources of hedge ineffectiveness are mainly related to changes in the credit quality of the counterparties and related charges, as well as potential gaps in settlement dates and in indices between the derivative instruments and the related underlying exposures.

Sources of hedge ineffectiveness are mainly related to uncertainty regarding the timing and in some cases the amount of the future cash ˳ows in foreign currency that are being hedged.

[Page 434] 15.1.5.3 Currency and interest rate hedges

The Group has elected to apply hedge accounting (cash ˳ow hedges, fair value hedges and net investment hedges) whenever possible and suitable, and also manages a portfolio of undesignated derivatives, corresponding to economic hedges relating to ˱nancial net debt and foreign currency exposures.

Net investment hedging instruments are mainly FX swaps, forwards and cross-currency swaps, but also debt denominated in foreign currencies.

The fair values of derivatives (excluding commodity instruments) are indicated in the table below:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities

In millions of euros

Noncurrent Current Noncurrent Current

Noncurrent Current Noncurrent Current

Derivatives hedging borrowings 251 43 (556) (63) 472 73 (431) (133)

Fair value hedges 195 1 (390) (28) 273 48 (318) (36)

Cash ˸ow hedges 25 - (123) (5) 147 3 (66) (9)

Derivative instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting 31 42 (43) (29) 52 22 (46) (88)

Derivatives hedging other items 1,775 44 (1,367) (51) 1,269 79 (1,549) (77)

Cash ˸ow hedges 217 21 (370) (25) 205 30 (739) (23)

Net investment hedges 242 - (65) - 37 - (115) -

Derivative instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting 1,316 23 (932) (27) 1,027 49 (696) (54)

TOTAL 2,027 87 (1,923) (114) 1,741 152 (1,980) (209)

The fair values shown in the table above re ˳ect the amounts relating to the price that would be received for the sale of an asset or paid for the transfer of a liability between market participants in the normal course of business. They are not representative of an operational performance measurement

insofar as the positions (i) are sensitive to changes in prices or to changes in credit ratings, (ii) can be modi˱ed by subsequent transactions, and (iii) will be offset, for cash ˳ow hedges, by future cash ˳ows arising on the underlying hedged transactions.

Amounts, timing and uncertainty of future cash ˳ows

In millions of euros

Buy/Sell Interest rate type Derivative instrument type Currency Total 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Buy Fixed CCS USD (627) (87) - (200) (43) - (298)

CLF (111) - - - - - (111)

GBP (2,579) - - (573) - - (2,006)

CLP (44) (44) - - - - -

EUR (3,235) (11) (14) (304) (5) (2) (2,900)

CHF (972) - (204) - (311) - (456)

HKD (251) - (98) - - - (153)

PEN (185) (63) (64) (58) - - -

AUD (48) - - - - - (48)

Floating CCS CNH (366) - (46) (183) (137) - -

Sell Fixed CCS EUR 4,499 - 146 1,052 292 - 3,008

USD 3,582 108 66 513 192 - 2,705

Floating CCS EUR 195 - 195 - - - -

BRL 124 92 13 12 5 2 -

[Page 435] In millions of euros

Beyond 5 years

Buy/Sell Interest rate type Derivative instrument type Currency Total 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

Sell Fixed IRS EUR 15,298 2,142 3,506 520 82 680 8,368

USD 1,621 414 (223) (14) 933 125 385

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GBP 287 - - - - 287 -

MYR 61 4 4 4 4 4 42

ZAR 224 7 10 42 12 13 140

AUD 122 (10) 4 5 124 - -

Floating IRS BRL 1,164 - - 49 133 232 749

EUR 20,446 3,257 700 438 300 2,500 13,250

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GBP 573 - - - - - 573

USD 851 - - - 426 - 426

The tables presented above exclude currency derivatives (except for cross currency swaps – CCS). Their maturity dates are aligned with those of the hedged items.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pursuant to the FX and interest rate risk management policy, FX sensitivity is presented in Note 15.1.3.2 Currency risk sensitivity analysis and the average cost of gross debt is 4.01%.

Effects of hedge accounting on the Group’s ˱nancial position and performance

Currency derivatives

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Fair value Nominal amount Fair value Nominal amount

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Assets Liabilities Total Total Total Total

Cash ˳ow hedges 117 (469) (352) 4,825 (611) 4,256

Net investment hedges 242 (65) 178 9,037 (78) 5,531

Derivative instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting 50 (59) (9) 9,064 (65) 13,026

TOTAL 409 (592) (183) 22,926 (753) 22,813

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Interest rate derivatives

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Fair value Nominal amount Fair value Nominal amount

In millions of euros

Assets Liabilities Total Total Total Total

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Fair value hedges 197 (419) (222) 15,265 (33) 12,020

Cash ˳ow hedges 154 (55) 99 5,306 140 2,928

Derivative instruments not qualifying for hedge accounting 1,330 (951) 380 28,266 390 26,081

TOTAL 1,681 (1,425) 256 48,837 497 41,029

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 436] The fair values shown in the table above are positive for assets and negative for liabilities.

Change in the value of the hedging instrument recognized in other comprehensive income (2)

Ineffective portion recognized in pro ˱t or loss (2)

Change in fair value used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness

In millions of euros Nominal amount Fair value (1)

Amount reclassi ˱ed from the hedge reserve to pro˱t or loss (2)

Line item of the income statement

Hedging instruments 15,265 (222) (222) - (21) N/A Cost of net debt

Fair value hedges

Hedged items (3)(4) 9,055 (220) (396) N/A N/A

Hedging instruments

Cash ˳ow hedges

Other ˱nancial income and expenses / Current operating income including operating MtM

10,131 (253) (213) (382) (2) (1)

Hedged items 211

Hedging instruments

Net investment hedges

Other ˱nancial income and expenses / Current operating income including operating MtM

9,037 178 180 (614) N/A (79)

Hedged items (180)

(1) The adjustment of the fair value of hedged items is presented as long term and short-term borrowings and debt for a negative amount of €222 million. (2) Gains/(losses). (3) The difference between the fair value used to determine the ineffective portion relating to hedging instruments and that relating to the hedged items corresponds to the amortized cost of borrowings and debt that are part of a fair value hedge relationship. (4) Of which a negative €6 million relating to hedging items that are no longer adjusted as a result of discontinuation of the fair value hedge relationship.

Hedge inef ˱ciency is calculated based on the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument compared to the change in the fair value of the hedged items since inception of the hedging relationship. The fair value of the hedging instruments at December 31, 2025 re˳ects the cumulative change in their fair value since inception of the hedges. The same principle applies to the hedged items.

No signi˱cant impact in terms of ineffectiveness or discontinuation of certain hedges was recognized at December 31, 2025.

Foreign currency and interest rate derivatives designated as cash ˸ow hedges can be analyzed as follows by maturity

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Fair value of derivatives by maturity date 17 2 (92) (14) 6 (172) (253) (470)

[Page 437] Amounts presented in the statement of changes in equity and the statement of comprehensive income

The following table provides a reconciliation of each component of equity and an analysis of other comprehensive income:

Cash ˳ow hedges Net investment hedges

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Derivatives hedging borrowings – currency risk hedging (1)

Derivatives hedging other items – interest rate risk hedging (1)(3)

Derivatives hedging other items – currency risk hedging (2)

Derivatives hedging other items – currency risk hedging (2)(4)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 44 (255) 95 (502)

Effective portion recognized in equity 398 (17) 614

Amount reclassi ˱ed from the hedge reserve to pro˱t or loss 1 - 79

Translation adjustments - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in scope of consolidation and other 6 (1) (1) (2)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 49 144 78 189

(1) Cash ˸ow hedges for given periods. (2) Cash ˸ow hedges for given transactions. (3) Comprises a positive €323 million of cumulated reserves related to hedge transactions (a positive €313 million at December 31, 2024) for which hedge accounting has been discontinued (instruments canceled prior to their maturity). (4) All of the reserves relate to continuing hedging relationships.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

15.2 Counterparty risk

• Stage 3: proven default ( ˱nancial dif˱culties, lack of support, litigation); a maturity > 90 days may be refuted if the Group has documented evidence.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Modeling of expected losses

Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated using the formula “ECL = EAD × PD × LGD” i.e.:

The Group is exposed to counterparty risk in its ˱nancial and operational activities. This risk corresponds to the possibility that a customer, supplier, EPC contractor, partner, intermediary, or banking institution may fail to meet its commitments. A default may result in unpaid bills, delivery disruptions, or a deterioration in asset performance. The Group's activities have varying levels of exposure: some use ˱nancial collateral (particularly in Energy Management), while others require third-party guarantees (banks, parent companies).

• EAD (Exposure At Default): exposure at the time of default, based on the carrying amount;

IFRS 9 approach

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• PD (Probability of Default): based on external ratings, or internal ratings for unrated counterparties;

The Group applies a harmonized methodology in accordance with IFRS 9, based on two components: a portfolio approach and an individualized approach.

• LGD (Loss Given Default): loss rate according to Basel standards:

• 75% for subordinated assets,

Portfolio approach

• 45% for standard assets,

Counterparties are grouped into homogeneous portfolios according to:

• 30% for assets essential to the counterparty (public goods or services).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• their nature (public/private, domestic/BtoB);

• their location;

• the activity concerned;

For lifetime ECL, the valuation is based on future contractual cash ˳ows, PDs speci˱c to each maturity date, and their discounting.

• their payment behavior.

Derecognition of assets

Depreciation rates are based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking data when reliable correlations are established.

The Group derecognizes receivables in two cases:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• when legal proceedings have been completed;

Individualized approach

• in the absence of proceedings:

• after 3 years past due for the private sector,

For material counterparties, the assessment follows the threestage IFRS 9 model:

• after 5 years for the public sector.

• Stage 1: no signi ˱cant deterioration → losses expected over 12 months;

Role of forward-looking information

• Stage 2: increased risk (downgrade in credit worthiness, unfavorable regulations, country risk) → losses expected over lifetime. The existence of maturities > 30 days does not automatically result in a move to stage 2 if information justi ˱es otherwise;

In market activities, which are mainly BtoB-oriented, the assessment of losses incorporates forward-looking information on economic sectors deemed critical in order to best re ˳ect potential future developments.

[Page 438] 15.2.2.1 Trade and other receivables, and assets from contracts with customers

15.2.2 Counterparty risk arising on operating activities

The total outstanding exposures presented in the tables below do not include impacts relating to VAT or to any other item not subject to credit risk, which amounted to €4,464 million at December 31, 2025 (compared to €4,841 million at December 31, 2024).

Counterparty risk arising on operating activities is managed via standard mechanisms such as third-party guarantees, netting agreements and margin calls, using dedicated hedging instruments or special prepayment and debt recovery procedures, particularly for retail customers.

INDIVIDUALIZED APPROACH

Dec. 31, 2025

Individual approach

Level 1: low credit risk

Level 2: increased credit risk

Level 3: impaired assets Total by risk level Investment Grade (1) Other

Total by counterparty type

In millions of euros

Gross 8,598 6,849 514 1,235 8,598 6,184 2,414 8,598

Trade and other receivables

Expected credit losses (1,590) (226) (146) (1,218) (1,590) (229) (1,361) (1,590)

TOTAL 7,008 6,623 368 17 7,008 5,955 1,053 7,008

Gross 3,025 2,973 38 14 3,025 1,837 1,188 3,025

Assets from contracts with customers

Expected credit losses (23) (10) (3) (11) (23) (8) (15) (23)

TOTAL 3,002 2,963 36 3 3,002 1,829 1,173 3,002

Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Individual approach

Level 1: low credit risk

Level 2: increased credit risk

Level 3: impaired assets Total by risk level Investment Grade (1) Other

Total by counterparty type

Gross 9,289 8,244 625 421 9,289 7,620 1,669 9,289

Trade and other receivables

Expected credit losses (1,044) (489) (135) (421) (1,044) (474) (570) (1,044)

TOTAL 8,245 7,755 490 - 8,245 7,146 1,099 8,245

Gross 3,836 3,767 69 - 3,836 2,599 1,237 3,836

Assets from contracts with customers

Expected credit losses (42) (34) (8) - (42) (33) (9) (42)

TOTAL 3,794 3,733 62 - 3,794 2,566 1,228 3,794

(1) Investment Grade corresponds to counterparties that are rated at least BBBby Standard & Poor’s.

[Page 439] PORFOLIO APPROACH

Dec. 31, 2025

In millions of euros

Collective approach 0 to 6 months 6 to 12 months beyond Total past due assets

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Trade and other receivables Gross 3,963 827 379 480 1,686

Expected credit losses (1,290) (32) (30) (385) (447)

TOTAL 2,673 795 349 95 1,239

Gross 5,205 298 26 20 344

Assets from contracts with customers

Expected credit losses (26) - - - -

TOTAL 5,179 298 26 20 344

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2024

Collective approach 0 to 6 months 6 to 12 months beyond Total past due assets

In millions of euros

Trade and other receivables Gross 4,076 497 186 422 1,105

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Expected credit losses (1,242) (53) (48) (363) (465)

TOTAL 2,833 444 138 59 641

Gross 5,458 357 36 47 440

Assets from contracts with customers

Expected credit losses (16) - - - -

TOTAL 5,442 357 36 47 440

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

15.2.2.2 Derivatives hedging commodities

In the case of commodity derivatives, counterparty risk arises from positive fair value. When calculating the fair value of these derivative instruments, counterparty risk (CVA) is based on default probabilities whose parameters have been updated, in a context of uncertainty, to take account of an increased risk of default.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Investment Grade (1) Total

Investment Grade (1) Total

Gross exposure (2) 7,583 9,440 9,757 11,522

Net exposure (3) 3,827 4,882 4,107 4,961

% of credit exposure to "Investment Grade" counterparties 78.4% 82.8%

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Investment Grade corresponds to transactions with counterparties that are rated at least BBBby Standard & Poor’s, Baa3 by Moody’s, or equivalent by Dun & Bradstreet. “Investment Grade” is also determined based on an internal rating tool that has been rolled out within the Group, and covers its main counterparties. (2) Corresponds to the maximum exposure, i.e. the value of the derivatives shown under assets (positive fair value). (3) After taking into account the liability positions with the same counterparties (negative fair value), collateral, netting agreements and other credit enhancement techniques.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 440] 15.2.3 Counterparty risk arising on ˱nancing activities

15.2.3.1 Loans and receivables at amortized cost

For its ˱nancing activities, the Group has put in place procedures for managing and monitoring risk based on (i) the accreditation of counterparties according to external credit ratings, objective market data (credit default swaps, market capitalization) and ˱nancial structure, and (ii) counterparty risk exposure limits.

The total outstanding exposures presented in the tables below do not include impacts relating to VAT or to any other item not subject to credit risk, which amounted to €371 million at December 31, 2025 (compared to €772 million at December 31, 2024).

To reduce its counterparty risk exposure, the Group has drawn increasingly on a structured legal framework based on master agreements (including netting clauses) and collateralization contracts (margin calls).

Dec. 31, 2025

Total by counterparty type

In millions of euros

Level 1: low credit risk

Level 2: increased credit risk

Level 3: impaired assets Total by risk level Investment Grade (1) Other

Gross 5,757 25 1,003 6,785 2,900 3,587 6,486

Expected credit losses (56) (9) (1,004) (1,069) (51) (1,018) (1,069)

TOTAL 5,701 16 (1) 5,716 2,849 2,569 5,418

Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Level 1: low credit risk

Level 2: increased credit risk

Level 3: impaired assets Total by risk level Investment Grade (1) Other Total by counterparty type

Gross 14,296 43 983 15,323 11,367 3,657 15,024

Expected credit losses (88) (35) (1,175) (1,298) (74) (1,224) (1,298)

TOTAL 14,208 9 (192) 14,024 11,292 2,434 13,726

(1) Investment Grade corresponds to counterparties that are rated at least BBBby Standard & Poor’s.

15.2.3.2 Counterparty risk arising on investing activities and the use of derivative ˱nancial instruments

The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising on investments of surplus cash and from the use of derivative ˱nancial instruments. In the case of ˱nancial instruments at fair value through income, counterparty risk arises on instruments with a positive fair value. Counterparty risk is taken into account when calculating the fair value of these derivative instruments.

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

NonInvestment Grade (2)

In millions of euros

Non InvestmentGrade (2) Total Investment Grade (1) Unrated (2)

Total Investment Grade (1) Unrated (2)

Exposure 15,006 94.5% 1.8% 3.7% 17,429 95.9% 2.5% 1.6%

(1) Investment Grade corresponds to counterparties that are rated at least BBBby Standard & Poor’s or Baa3 by Moody’s. (2) The bulk of these two exposures is carried by consolidated companies that include non-controlling interests, or by Group companies that operate in emerging countries, where cash cannot be pooled and is therefore invested locally.

Furthermore, at December 31, 2025, Crédit Agricole SA is the main Group counterparty and represents 32.6% of cash surpluses. This relates mainly to a depositary risk. No other counterparty exceeds 10%.

[Page 441] 15.3 Liquidity risk

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In the context of its operating activities, the Group is exposed to a risk of having insuf ˱cient liquidity to meet its contractual obligations. As well as the risks inherent in managing working capital requirements (WCR), margin calls are required in certain market activities, which are a way of mitigating counterparty risk on hedging instruments through the use of collateral.

The Group uses an investment policy with the aim of keeping an extremely high level of liquidity and protecting invested capital, with a daily monitoring of performance and counterparty risk, allowing the Group to take immediate action where required. Consequently, 85% of the cash pooled at December 31, 2025 was invested in overnight bank deposits and standard money market funds with daily liquidity.

The Group’s ˱nancing policy is based on:

• centralizing external ˱nancing;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• diversifying sources of ˱nancing between credit institutions and capital markets;

• achieving a balanced debt repayment pro ˱le.

The Group has set up a committee that meets weekly and is tasked with managing and monitoring liquidity risk throughout the Group, by maintaining a broad range of investments and sources of ˱nancing, and preparing forecasts of cash investments and divestments. ENGIE has set up a comprehensive framework to monitor and streamline cash movements related to OTC margin calls and margin calls via clearing houses, based on the use of liquidity swaps with its key counterparties, as well as the issuing of letters of credit.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group centralizes virtually all the ˱nancing needs and cash ﬂow surpluses of the companies it controls, as well as most of their mediumand long-term external ˱nancing requirements. Centralization is provided by ˱nancing vehicles (long-term and short-term) and by dedicated Group cash pooling vehicles based in France, Belgium and Luxembourg.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Surpluses held by these structures are managed in accordance with a uniform policy. In accordance with this policy, unpooled cash surpluses are invested in instruments selected on a case-by-case basis in light of local ˱nancial market imperatives and the ˱nancial strength of the counterparties concerned.

The Group seeks to diversify its sources of ˱nancing by carrying out public or private bond issues within the scope of its Euro Medium Term Notes program. It also issues negotiable commercial paper in France (Negotiable European Commercial Paper) and in the United States (US Commercial Paper) as well as deeply-subordinated perpetual notes. As negotiable commercial paper is relatively inexpensive and highly liquid, it is used by the Group in a cyclical or structural manner to ﬁnance its short-term cash requirements. However, the re˱nancing of all outstanding negotiable commercial paper remains secured by con˱rmed bank lines of credit – mainly centralized – allowing the Group to continue to ˱nance its activities if access to this ˱nancing source were to dry up. These facilities are appropriate for the scale of its operations and for the timing of contractual debt repayments.

DIVERSIFYING SOURCES OF FINANCING AND LIQUIDITY (1)

In millions of euros

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4% Other borrowings 2,010

7% Lease liabilities 3,674 €21,620 million

6,280 Conﬁrmed undrawn credit facility programs (2)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

10% Negotiable commercial paper 5,705

15,340 Cash (3)

13% Bank borrowings 7,063

66% Bond issues 35,327

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) These sources of ˶nancing and liquidity do not include the deeply-subordinated perpetual notes recognized in equity (see Note 16.2.1 Issuance of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes). (2) Net of negotiable commercial paper. (3) Cash corresponds to cash and cash equivalents for €14,507 million, other ˶nancial assets reducing ˶nancial net debt for €1,035 million, net of bank overdrafts and cash current accounts for €201 million; of which 76% was invested in the Eurozone.

At December 31, 2025, all Group entities whose debt is consolidated complied with the covenants and declarations included in their ˱nancial documentation, except for some non-signi˱cant entities for which compliance actions are being implemented. There are no defaults linked to ˱nancial ratios or rating levels on available centralized credit lines.

[Page 442] 15.3.1 Undiscounted contractual payments relating to ˱nancial activities

Undiscounted contractual payments on outstanding borrowings and debt by maturity

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Bond issues 2,877 2,936 3,136 3,393 2,791 20,194 35,327 34,750

Bank borrowings 596 720 588 515 502 4,142 7,063 6,847

Negotiable commercial paper 5,705 5,705 5,001

Lease liabilities 464 537 414 376 377 2,963 3,674 3,743

Other borrowings 210 53 189 212 74 1,271 2,010 562

Bank overdrafts and current accounts 201 - - - - - 201 262

Other ˱nancial assets and cash and cash equivalents deducted from ˱nancial net debt have a liquidity of less than one year.

Undiscounted contractual interest payments on outstanding borrowings and debt by maturity

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Undiscounted contractual interest payments on outstanding borrowings and debt 974 1,464 4,547 228 4,513 260 11,985 12,822

Undiscounted contractual payments on outstanding derivatives (excluding commodity instruments) by maturity

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Derivatives (excluding commodity instruments) 14 40 (63) 28 20 414 453 1,120

To better reﬂect the economic substance of these transactions, the cash ﬂows linked to the derivatives recognized in assets and liabilities shown in the table above relate to net positions.

approximately 65% relate to potential cash out˳ows beyond 2030). This amount relates to leases not yet in force to which the Group is committed (primarily LNG vessels and real estate).

Undiscounted contractual payments related to leases

In addition, the Group is also exposed to future cash out˳ows in the form of variable lease payment, mainly in connection with the extension of the Rhone concession. These variable lease payments are dependent on revenue from electricity sales.

At December 31, 2025, the Group, as lessee, was potentially exposed to future cash out ˳ows not re˳ected in the measurement of lease liabilities for €964 million (of which

Undrawn credit facility programs

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Con ˱rmed undrawn credit facility programs 974 1,464 4,547 228 4,513 260 11,985 12,822

Of these undrawn programs, an amount of €5,705 million is allocated to covering negotiable commercial paper.

At December 31, 2025, no single counterparty represented more than 10% of the Group’s con˱rmed undrawn credit lines.

[Page 443] 15.3.2 Undiscounted contractual payments relating to operating activities

The Group provides an analysis of residual contractual maturities for commodity derivative instruments included in its portfolio management activities. Derivative instruments relating to trading activities are considered to be liquid in less than one year, and are presented under current items in the statement of ˱nancial position.

The table below provides an analysis of undiscounted fair values due and receivable in respect of commodity derivatives recorded in assets and liabilities at the reporting date.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS CARRIED IN LIABILITIES

relating to portfolio management activities (2,453) (2,594) (950) (532) (257) (951) (7,737) (8,343)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

relating to trading activities (3,074) - - - - - (3,074) (3,502)

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS CARRIED IN ASSETS

relating to portfolio management activities 2,201 1,701 512 277 140 941 5,771 7,632

relating to trading activities 3,918 - - - - - 3,918 4,052

TOTAL 592 (892) (438) (255) (117) (10) (1,121) (161)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

15.3.3 Commitments relating to commodity purchase and sale contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

related services, in exchange for a ˱rm commitment from the other party to deliver or purchase said quantities and services. These contracts were documented as falling outside the scope of IFRS 9. The table below shows the main future commitments arising from contracts entered into by Renewables & Flex Power and Supply & Energy Management GBU (expressed in TWh).

Some Group operating companies have entered into longterm contracts, some of which include “take-or-pay” clauses. These consist of ˱rm commitments to purchase or sell speci˱ed quantities of gas, electricity or steam as well as

In TWh 2026 2027-2030 Beyond 5 years

Total at Dec. 31, 2024

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

Firm purchases (314) (699) (1,042) (2,054) (2,155)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Firm sales 391 754 312 1,457 1,198

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 444] NOTE 16 EQUITY

16.1 Share capital

(in millions of euros)

Number of shares Value

Total Treasury stock Outstanding Share capital Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 2,435,285,011 (9,443,689) 2,425,841,322 2,435 21,025 (122)

Link 2025 employee share plan 4,180,875 4,180,875 68

Capital increase Link 2025 554,191 554,191 1 4

Capital decrease Link 2025 (554,191) 554,191 (1) (10) 10

Purchase/disposal of treasury stock (3,000,000) (3,000,000) (56)

Delivery of treasury stock (bonus) 4,361,137 4,361,137 52

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 2,435,285,011 (3,347,486) 2,431,937,525 2,435 21,019 (48)

Changes in the number of shares during 2025 resulted from:

16.1.1 Potential share capital and instruments providing a right to subscribe for new ENGIE SA shares

Since 2017, the Group no longer has any stock purchase or subscription option plans.

• share issues under the “Link 2025” worldwide employee share plan. All in all, 4.7 million shares were subscribed. At July 31, 2025 the transaction resulted in the sale to employees of 4.2 million shares purchased on the market for €68 million and a capital increase of €4.5 million. The latter amount is divided into a capital increase of €0.6 million and additional paid-in capital of €3.9 million;

Shares to be allocated under the performance share award plans described in Note 19 Share-based payments are covered by existing ENGIE SA shares.

• a capital decrease of €10.2 million through the cancellation of 0.6 million shares in the form of a capital decrease and €9.6 million charged to additional paid-in capital;

• the delivery of 4.4 million treasury shares as part of bonus share plans.

16.1.2 Treasury stock

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Treasury shares are recognized at acquisition cost and deducted from equity. Gains and losses on disposals of treasury shares are recorded directly in equity and do not, therefore, impact income for the period.

The liquidity agreement signed with an investment service provider assigns to the latter the role of operating on the market on a daily basis, to buy or sell ENGIE SA shares, in order to ensure liquidity and an active market for the shares on the Paris and Brussels stock exchanges. To date, the resources allocated to the implementation of this agreement amount to €55 million.

The Group has a stock repurchase program as a result of the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 24, 2025. This program provides for the repurchase of up to 10% of the shares comprising the share capital of ENGIE SA at the date of the said Shareholders’ Meeting. The aggregate amount of acquisitions net of expenses under the program may not exceed €7.3 billion, and the purchase price must be less than €30 per share excluding acquisition costs.

At December 31, 2025, the Group held 3.3 million treasury shares. To date, all the shares have been allocated to cover the Group's share commitments to employees and corporate of ˱cers.

[Page 445] 16.2 Other disclosures concerning additional paid-in capital, consolidated reserves and issuance of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (Group share)

16.2.2 Distributable capacity of ENGIE SA

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total additional paid-in capital, consolidated reserves and issuance of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (including net income for the year), amounted to €34,864 million at December 31, 2025, including €21,019 million in additional paid-in capital.

ENGIE SA's distributable capacity totaled €23,634 million at December 31, 2025 (compared with €25,535 million at December 31, 2024), including €21,019 million of additional paid-in capital.

16.2.3 Dividends

Consolidated reserves include the cumulative income of the Group, the legal and statutory reserves of ENGIE SA, cumulative actuarial gains and losses, net of tax and the change in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through OCI.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Under French law, 5% of the net income of French companies must be allocated to the legal reserve until the latter reaches 10% of share capital. This reserve can only be distributed to shareholders in the event of liquidation. The ENGIE SA legal reserve amounts to €244 million.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

16.2.1 Issuance of deeply-subordinated perpetual notes

On April 24, 2025, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the payment of a €1.48 dividend per share for 2024. In accordance with Article 26.2 of the bylaws, a 10% bonus loyalty dividend of €0.148 per share was awarded to shares registered for at least two years at December 31, 2024 and that remained registered in the name of the same shareholder until the dividend payment date. This bonus dividend may not apply to a number of shares representing more than 0.5% of the share capital for any one shareholder. On April 29, 2025, the Group settled the dividend of €1.48 per share with rights to ordinary dividends in cash (total of €3,597 million), as well as the dividend for shares eligible for the loyalty bonus (for a total of €38 million).

On February 28, 2025, ENGIE SA carried out a redemption at the ˱rst option date of the remaining deeply-subordinated perpetual notes (PERP NC 02/2025, a 3.25% coupon, ISIN code: FR0013398229) for an amount of €454.5 million.

Proposed dividend in respect of 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On June 6, 2025, ENGIE SA gave notice of the exercise of the annual redemption option for the remaining deeplysubordinated perpetual notes (PERP NC 07/2025, a 1.625% coupon, ISIN code: FR0013431244) for an amount of €193 millions (€196 million including accrued interest). The redemption was carried out on July 8, 2025.

On October 13, 2025, ENGIE SA carried out an issuance of non-ended green deeply-subordinated perpetual notes for a total amount of €1,000 million, resulting in:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At the Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approve the ENGIE Group ˱nancial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, the shareholders will be asked to approve a dividend of €1.35 per share, representing a total payout of €3,288 million based on the number of shares outstanding at December 31, 2025. It will be increased by 10% for all shares held for at least two years at December 31, 2025 and up to the 2025 dividend payment date. Based on the number of outstanding shares at December 31, 2025, this increase is valued at €38 million.

• a €500 million issue (4.0% coupon) with a redemption option from April 2032 (ISIN code: FR0014013BG2);

• a €500 million issue (4.5% coupon) with a redemption option from April 2035 (ISIN code: FR0014013BH0).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Subject to approval by the Shareholders’ Meeting of Wednesday April 29, 2026, this dividend’s ex-coupon date is Thursday April 30, 2026 and it will be paid on Tuesday May 5, 2026. It is not recognized as a liability in the ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025, since the ˱nancial statements at the end of 2025 were presented before the appropriation of earnings.

In accordance with IAS 32 – Financial Instruments: Presentation , and given their characteristics, these instruments are recognized in equity in the Group’s consolidated ˱nancial statements.

At December 31, 2025, the outstanding nominal value of deeply subordinated perpetual notes amounted to €4,390 million, versus €4,038 million at December 31, 2024.

16.2.4 Main transactions affecting shareholders’ equity in 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2025, the Group paid €128 million to the holders of these notes, i.e., €135 million in coupons, net of €7 million early redemption allowances received. A sum of €12 million was also paid in respect of premiums and the issue costs of the two new deeply subordinated notes. This amount is accounted for as a deduction from equity in the Group's consolidated ˱nancial statements; the related tax saving is accounted for in the income statement.

In March 2025, ENGIE North America sold a minority stake in the 905 MW portfolio (Aspen) of storage and solar energy assets in the United States to the Ares Management Opportunities (Ares) fund. ENGIE will retain a majority interest in the portfolio and will continue to operate and manage the assets. Ares contributed USD 430 million (€380 million). As the transaction was carried out between owners within the meaning of IFRS 10, consolidated equity was impacted by the difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the net assets sold. Given the impairment booked in 2024 for €78 million, the impact on equity in 2025, before allocation of part of the goodwill from the Renewables & Flex Power CGU, was limited. The allocation of part of the goodwill to non-controlling interests negatively impacted consolidated equity.

[Page 446] ENGIE North America entered into a new partnership with the Ares Management Opportunities (Ares) fund for a 270 MW wind portfolio (Big Sampson) and for a 460 MW solar portfolio (Anson solar 2 and Sypert Branch) in Texas. ENGIE will retain a majority interest in the portfolio and will continue to operate and manage the assets. Ares contributed USD 153 million (€135 million) in 2025 for Big Sampson. A second contribution of around USD 280 million (€248 million) has been scheduled for 2026.

ENGIE North America sold a minority stake in a portfolio of battery storage assets with a capacity of 2.4 GW in Texas and California to funds managed by CBRE Investment Management (CBRE IM). ENGIE will retain a majority interest in the portfolio and will continue to operate and manage the assets. CBRE made an initial investment of USD 291 million (€258 million). A second tranche of USD 221 million (€196 million) was received at end-December 2025. A ˱nal tranche of around USD 70 million (€62 million) is scheduled for the ˱rst quarter of 2026.

16.3 Recyclable gains and losses recognized in equity (Group share)

All items shown in the table below correspond to cumulative gains and losses (Group share) at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, which are recyclable to income in subsequent periods.

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Debt instruments (36) (61)

Net investment hedges (1) 189 (502)

Cash ˳ow hedges (excl. commodity instruments) (1) 239 (149)

Commodity cash ˳ow hedges (1) (1,877) 340

Deferred taxes on the items above 345 6

Share of equity method entities accounted in recyclable items, net of tax (2) 214 167

TOTAL RECYCLABLE ITEMS BEFORE TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTS (926) (200)

Translation adjustments (3,375) (1,557)

TOTAL RECYCLABLE ITEMS (4,301) (1,758)

(1) See Note 15 Risks arising from ˶nancial instruments. (2) See Note 3 Investments in equity method entities.

16.4 Capital management

The Group's policy is to maintain a “strong investment grade” rating from the rating agencies. To achieve this, it manages its ˱nancial structure in line with the indicators usually monitored by these agencies, namely the Group's operating pro˱le, ˱nancial policy and a series of ˱nancial ratios. One of the most commonly used ratios is the ratio where the numerator includes operating cash ˳ows less cost of debt and taxes paid, and the denominator includes adjusted net ˱nancial debt. Net ˱nancial debt is mainly adjusted for nuclear provisions and provisions for pensions, as well as for 50% of hybrid debt (deeply-subordinated perpetual notes). In addition, the Group has issued a guidance targeting an “economic net debt to EBITDA” ratio less than or equal to 4x.

ENGIE SA seeks to optimize its ˱nancial structure at all times by pursuing an optimal balance between its economic net debt and its EBITDA. The Group's key objective in managing its ˱nancial structure is to maximize value for shareholders and reduce the cost of capital, while ensuring that the Group has the ˱nancial ˳exibility required to continue its expansion. The Group manages its ˱nancial structure and makes any necessary adjustments in light of prevailing economic conditions. In this context, it may choose to adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, reimburse a portion of capital, carry out share buybacks (see Note 16.1.2 Treasury stock), issue new shares, launch share-based payment plans, recalibrate its investment budget, or sell assets in order to scale back its ˱nancial net debt.

The Group’s objectives and processes for managing capital have remained unchanged over the past few years.

ENGIE SA is not obliged to comply with any external minimum capital requirements except those provided for by law.

[Page 447] NOTE 17 PROVISIONS

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Estimates of provisions

General principles related to the recognition of a provision

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Factors having a signi ˱cant in˳uence on the amount of provisions, and particularly, but not solely, those relating to the back-end of the nuclear fuel cycle, to the dismantling of nuclear facilities and of gas infrastructures in France, include:

The Group recognizes a provision where it has a present obligation (legal or constructive) towards a third party arising from past events and where it is probable that an out ˳ow of resources will be necessary to settle the obligation with no expected consideration in return.

• cost estimates (see Note 17.2 Obligations relating to nuclear power generation facilities);

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the timing of expenditure (notably the timetable for the end of gas operations regarding the main gas infrastructure businesses in France) (see Notes 17.2 Obligations relating to nuclear power generation facilities and 17.3 Dismantling of non-nuclear plant and equipment and site rehabilitation); and

A provision for restructuring costs is recognized when the general criteria for setting up a provision are met, i.e., when the Group has a detailed formal plan relating to the restructuring and has raised a valid expectation in those affected that it will carry out the restructuring by starting to implement that plan or announcing its main features to those affected by it.

• the discount rate applied to cash ˳ows.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These factors are based on information and estimates deemed by the Group to be the most appropriate as of today.

Modi˱cations to certain factors could lead to a signi˱cant adjustment in these provisions.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Provisions with a maturity of over 12 months are discounted when the effect of discounting is material. The Group’s main long-term provisions are provisions for the back-end of the nuclear fuel cycle, provisions for dismantling facilities, provisions for site restoration costs, and provisions for post-employment and other long-term bene˱ts. The discount rates used re˳ect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks speci˱c to the liability concerned. Expenses with respect to unwinding the discount on the provision are recognized as other ˱nancial income and expenses.

In millions of euros

Back-end of the nuclear fuel cycle and dismantling of nuclear facilities

Post-employment and other long‑term bene ˱ts

Dismantling of non-nuclear facilities Other contingencies Total

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 4,979 24,531 1,569 2,541 33,621

Additions 207 117 19 940 1,283

Utilizations (344) (456) (69) (942) (1,811)

Reversals - - - 71 71

Changes in scope of consolidation (27) - 6 (69) (90)

Impact of unwinding discount adjustments 161 343 52 20 576

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Translation adjustments (6) - (77) (25) (108)

Other (754) (14,983) 122 42 (15,574)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 4,217 9,552 1,622 2,578 17,968

Non-current 4,130 8,980 1,554 357 15,020

Current 87 572 68 2,221 2,948

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The impact of unwinding discount adjustments in respect of post-employment and other long-term bene ˱ts relates to the interest expense on the bene˱t obligation, net of interest income on plan assets.

The “Other” line mainly comprises actuarial gains and losses arising on post-employment bene˱t obligations in 2025 which are recorded in “Other comprehensive income”, as well as the effects of transferring responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State.

Additions, utilizations, reversals and the impact of unwinding discount adjustments are presented as follows in the consolidated income statement:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025

Net income ‬ from operating activities 440

Other ˱nancial income and expenses (564)

TOTAL (124)

The different types of provisions and the calculation principles applied are described below.

[Page 448] 17.1 Post-employment bene ˱ts and other long-term bene˱ts

See Note 18 Post-employment bene ˱ts and other long-term bene˱ts.

17.2 Obligations relating to nuclear power generation facilities

17.2.2 Three-year review by the Commission for Nuclear Provisions (CPN)

17.2.1 Closing of the agreement with the Belgian State on the ten-year extension of two reactors and on the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State

The Belgian law of April 11, 2003, partially repealed and amended by the law of July 12, 2022, granted Group subsidiary Synatom responsibility for managing provisions set aside to cover the costs of dismantling nuclear power plants and managing spent fuel. This law is supplemented by the law implementing the Phoenix Agreement of April 26, 2024, on guaranteeing security of supply in the energy sector and reforming the nuclear energy sector.

On March 14, 2025, ENGIE and the Belgian government completed the transaction covering the ten-year extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear reactors and the transfer of responsibility related to nuclear waste. This ˱nal step follows on from the European Commission's approval on February 21, 2025.

The agreements signed with the Belgian State in 2023 (Phoenix agreements) provided for:

The tasks of the Commission for Nuclear Provisions (CPN), set up pursuant to the above-mentioned law, are to oversee the process of computing and managing these provisions. In accordance with the law, every three years the CPN conducts an audit of the application and adequacy of the calculation methods used to compute nuclear provisions.

• the 10-year extension of the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear reactors as part of a 50/50 partnership between the Belgian State and the Group, contingent upon the implementation of a contract for difference protecting ENGIE against market risks; and

To enable the Commission for Nuclear Provisions to carry out its work in accordance with the law, Synatom is required to submit a report every three years describing the core inputs used to measure these provisions.

• the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility to the Belgian State for managing nuclear waste and spent fuel in return for the payment of a lump-sum discharge amount of €15 billion 2022 , within the limit of a volumetric credit covering all nuclear waste produced by the Belgian power plants during their legal operating life, from commissioning to dismantling.

In this context, on October 2, 2025, Synatom submitted a request to the CPN for a review of nuclear provisions, which was approved a second time by its Board of Directors after an initial decision was overturned by the Minister of Energy in a letter dated September 12, 2025, following the suspensive appeal lodged on September 2, 2025, by the Belgian government representatives on Synatom's Board of Directors. The ˱le submitted to the CPN takes into account, in addition to various updates, a decrease in provisions of approximately €1 billion, technical optimizations, a downward assessment of the overall risk level, and an increase in the discount rate.

As agreed, the completion of the transaction resulted in the payment of the ˱rst installment to the Belgian State in March 2025 (€12.2 billion, including the Electrabel partners' share in certain power generation facilities) related to category B and C waste (highly radioactive waste intended for geological storage). This payment was partially settled by monetizing part of the ˱nancial assets dedicated to covering nuclear provisions (€9.5 billion).

On December 23, 2025, the CPN sent Synatom a copy of the notice it had received from the National Agency for Radioactive Waste and Enriched Fissile Material ( Organisme National pour Déchets Radioactifs et des Matières Fissiles Enrichies – ONDRAF). This notice recommends a very signi ˱cant increase of approximately €2.5 billion in the total estimated expenditure compared to the assumptions made during the last triennial review. In an exchange with the CPN on January 8, 2026, con˱rmed by letter dated January 9, 2026, the Group rejected these recommendations, considering them preliminary, overly conservative and, in some cases, contradictory.

On July 10, ENGIE recommissioned the Tihange 3 nuclear reactor and on October 8, reconnected Doel 4 to the grid after a major overhaul to extend their operating life by ten years. The restart of the second reactor resulted in the payment of the second and ˱nal installment to the Belgian State (€3.6 billion including the Electrabel partners' share in certain power generation facilities) related to the transfer of responsibility for low-level radioactive category A waste for surface storage). The two extended-life reactors, Doel 4 and Tihange 3, were brought to BE-NUC, a joint venture owned equally by the Belgian state and ENGIE. The Doel 1, Tihange 1 and Doel 2 reactors were shut down on February 14, September 30 and November 30, 2025, respectively, in line with Belgium's nuclear phase-out schedule.

The notice issued by ONDRAF is in line with the methodology to be adopted by the CPN when reviewing Synatom's proposed provision adjustments. It is not binding on the CPN, which has 120 days from submission of the documentation to inform Synatom of its comments and invite it to submit, within 60 days, either a new proposal that takes its comments into account, or a reasoned opinion outlining the reasons why the comments cannot be acted upon. The CPN then adopts its decision. In view of the signi˱cant changes proposed in the ONDRAF notice, Synatom requested a 75-day extension to the usual 120-day deadline in order to continue discussions with ONDRAF and CPN on the parameters and cost assumptions underlying the assessment of provisions.

At the end of this agreement, the Group essentially retains responsibility for the on-site storage of spent fuel waste until the end of the dismantling operations and until 2050 at the latest, as well as for the conditioning of all waste in accordance with the contractual agreement. The Group will also remain responsible for the ˱nal shutdown of the reactors, their dismantling and the clean-up of the site at the end of their operating life. The process of setting up and managing all these provisions, for which the Group is responsible, will continue to be reviewed by the Commission for Nuclear Provisions (CPN) every three years.

[Page 449] Sensitivity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consequently, in light of the above and in the absence of an opinion from the CPN, the Group considers that the latest assumptions reviewed and approved by the CPN in its ˱nal opinion issued on July 7, 2023, during the last triennial review exercise, supplemented by the opinion of June 24, 2024, on the assessment of the impact of the extension of Doel 4 and Tihange 3, remain the most appropriate to date for establishing nuclear provisions as of December 31, 2025.

17.2.3 Provisions for the back-end of the nuclear fuel cycle

As indicated in the previous section, uncertainty surrounding the ˱nalization of the 2025 documentation submitted to the CPN led the Group to maintain the carrying amount of nuclear provisions at December 31, 2025 on the basis of the CPN's de˱nitive July 2023 opinion, supplemented by the opinion of June 24, 2024 on the impact assessment of the extension of Doel 4 and Tihange 3. Following the assumption by the Belgian State of all obligations relating to nuclear waste after its transfer to ONDRAF, the Group will only remain exposed to changes in future storage and conditioning costs and the corresponding discounting inputs prior to the transfer (as mentioned above, liability estimated at €1.7 billion 2022 ):

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the costs of building dry storage facilities and purchasing fuel element containers at the Group’s sites could differ from those covered by the provisions. A 10% change in these costs, still to be incurred would represent a €60 million change in provisions;

Under the terms of the agreement with the Belgian State, the risks associated with this liability have been considerably reduced. With regard to waste management, the Group’s responsibility is essentially limited to on-site storage of fuel elements until the end of dismantling operations, and until 2050 at the latest, as well as compliance with the contractual criteria for transferring waste to ONDRAF, with the liability estimated at €1.7 billion 2022 , as indicated in the draft law implementing the agreement.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a 10% change in the annual operating costs of the storage facilities would result in a €30 million change in the provision;

Provisions not covered by the lump-sum discharge payment are calculated based on the following principles and inputs:

• a 25 basis point change in the discount rate would result in a €40 million adjustment to non-transferred provisions. A fall in the discount rate would lead to an increase in outstanding provisions, while a rise in the discount rate would reduce the provisions’ amount.

• storage costs primarily comprise the costs of building and operating additional dry storage facilities and operating existing facilities, along with the costs of purchasing containers;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a discount rate of 3.0% (including in ˳ation of 2.0%) was used by the CNP at the time of the previous triennial review, for the unprovisioned portion of the lump-sum discharge payment.

It should be noted that the risk of exceeding volumetric credits is considered, at this stage, to be highly unlikely, as the volumetric credits established in the agreement have incorporated the volumetric contingencies estimated as part of the provision review in 2022.

The costs effectively incurred in the future may differ from the estimates in terms of their nature and timing of payment.

17.2.4 Provisions for dismantling nuclear facilities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

deducted from or subject to speci˱c conditions, added to the cost of the corresponding asset. The impacts of unwinding the discount each year are recognized in expenses for the period.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In view of the legal end-of-life of the Belgian nuclear reactors, any provision adjustments will have a direct impact on the income statement for the year (including provisions relating to the two extended-life reactors whose assets have been transferred to the joint venture equally owned with the Belgian State). A provision is also recorded for nuclear units for which the Group holds a capacity (France) right up to its share of the expected dismantling costs to be borne by the Group.

A provision is recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to dismantle facilities or to restore a site. The present value of the obligation at the time of commissioning represents the initial amount of the provision for dismantling with, as the counterpart, an asset for the same amount, which is included in the carrying amount of the facilities concerned. This asset is depreciated over the operating life of the facilities and is included in the scope of assets subject to impairment tests. Adjustments to the provision due to subsequent changes in (i) the expected out ˳ow of resources, (ii) the timing of dismantling expenses or (iii) the discount rate, are

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 450] Sensitivity

At the end of their operating life, the nuclear power plants must be shut down for the period during which spent fuel is unloaded from the plant, and until the site is dismantled and cleaned up.

The dismantling strategy is based on the facilities being dismantled (i) immediately after the reactor is shut down, (ii) on a mass basis rather than on a unit-by-unit basis, and (iii) completely, the land being subsequently returned to green ˱eld status.

As indicated in the previous section, uncertainty surrounding the ˱nalization of the 2025 CPN documentation led the Group to maintain the carrying amount of nuclear provisions at December 31, 2025 on the basis of the CPN's de˱nitive July 2023 opinion, supplemented by the opinion of June 24, 2024 on the impact assessment of the extension of Doel 4 and Tihange 3. In light of the agreement, the Group is only responsible for shutdown and dismantling, including conditioning of the nuclear waste arising from these operations, in accordance with the contractual transfer criteria (as indicated above, liability estimated at €6.7 billion 2022 ):

As a result of the agreement, ˱nancial responsibility for the management of all category A and B waste conditioned in accordance with the contractual transfer criteria will henceforth lie with the State, with the Group now only liable for ˱nal shutdown and dismantling.

• a 10% change in shutdown costs of the units would lead to a change in the provisions of around €200 million;

• a 10% change in unit dismantling costs would lead to a change of around €400 million in nuclear provisions;

The Group’s remaining liability for the ˱nal shutdown and dismantling is estimated at €6.7 billion 2022 , as set out in the law implementing the agreement. At December 31, 2025, provisions for dismantling nuclear facilities are calculated based on the following inputs:

• a 25 basis point change in the discount rate would lead to an adjustment of approximately €170 million in the provisions. A fall in the discount rate would lead to an increase in outstanding provisions, while a rise in the discount rate would reduce the provisions’ amount.

• the start of the technical shutdown procedures depends on the unit concerned and on the timing of operations for the whole nuclear reactor. The shutdown procedures are immediately followed by dismantling operations;

17.2.5 Financial assets set aside to cover the future costs of dismantling nuclear facilities and managing radioactive ˱ssile material

• the scenario adopted is based on a dismantling program and on timetables that must be approved by the nuclear safety authorities. The safety conditions for the shutdown phases have been de ˱ned with the Belgian Federal Agency for Nuclear Control (AFCN) for the Doel 3 and Tihange 2 units that have already been shut down. The safety conditions for the dismantling phase have not yet been determined. The costs may change depending on the outcome of these discussions and the detailed schedule for the implementation of these phases which is currently being de˱ned;

As indicated above, the Belgian law of July 12, 2022, partially repealing and amending the law of April 11, 2003, granted the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary Synatom responsibility for managing and investing funds received from operators of nuclear power plants in Belgium and intended to cover the costs of dismantling nuclear power plants and managing spent fuel. Pursuant to the law of April 11, 2003, Synatom could lend up to 75% of these funds to nuclear power plant operators provided that certain credit quality criteria are met.

• costs payable over the long term are calculated by reference to the estimated costs for each nuclear facility, based on a study conducted by independent experts under the assumption that the facilities will be dismantled on a mass basis. The costs effectively incurred in the future may differ from the estimates in terms of their nature and timing of payment;

The amount of outstanding loans between Synatom and nuclear operators, representing the countervalue of provisions for spent fuel management, was repaid to Synatom as at December 31, 2025, and the amount of outstanding loans between Synatom and Electrabel, representing the countervalue of provisions for dismantling, will be repaid by September 30, 2031.

• for the various phases, margins for contingencies, reviewed by ONDRAF and the Commission for Nuclear Provisions, are included during the last triennial review;

• an in ˳ation rate of 2.0% is applied until the dismantling obligations expire in order to determine the value of the future obligation;

The percentage of the provisions not subject to loans to nuclear operators is invested by Synatom either in external ˱nancial assets or in loans to legal entities meeting the “credit quality” criteria imposed by law.

• the discount rate used by the CNP, during the last triennial review, was 2.5% (including in ˳ation of 2.0%).

The costs effectively incurred in the future may differ from the estimates in terms of their nature and timing of payment.

The Synatom Board of Directors and its Investment Committee are responsible for de˱ning Synatom’s investment policy after consultation with the CNP, in accordance with the law of July 12, 2022. Based on a rigorous risk control policy, the Investment Committee oversees investment decisions, which are managed by a team headed by an Investment Director.

Synatom invested some €2.1 billion in such assets in 2025.

The value of ˱nancial assets dedicated to covering nuclear provisions amounted to €5,624 million at December 31, 2025, and their return was 5.4% for the year.

Lastly, the Group sets aside provisions to cover the costs relating to the ˱nal shutdown phase of its drawing rights in Tricastin and Chooz B, as well as for the dismantling period leading to the dismantling and clean-up of the Chooz B site, in accordance with the respective agreements with EDF. These remain unchanged compared to 2024, and are based on provisions for Belgian assets that most closely resemble these power plants, and are updated in line with revisions by the CNP.

[Page 451] 17.2.5.1 Valuation of ˱nancial assets in 2025

Loans to entities outside the Group and other cash investments are shown in the table below:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Cash awaiting investment and cash UCITS 547 9,624

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total loans and receivables at amortized cost 547 9,624

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 1,221 640

Equity instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss 23 -

Equity instruments at fair value through income 1,244 640

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 2,015 1,438

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Debt instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss 1,834 1,195

Debt instruments at fair value 3,849 2,632

Total equity and debt instruments at fair value 5,093 3,273

Derivative instruments 13 (25)

TOTAL (1) 5,653 12,871

(1) Not including €243 million in uranium inventories at December 31, 2025 (€301 million at December 31, 2024).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Loans to legal entities outside the Group and the cash held by the Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) are presented in the statement of ˱nancial position under “Loans and receivables at amortized cost”. Bonds and associated hedging instruments held by Synatom through the UCITS are presented under equity or debt instruments (see Note 14.1 Financial assets).

The change in the period mainly includes the effects of monetizing part of the nuclear provisions hedging assets in order to settle the payment of the ˱rst and second last installments of the nuclear liabilities (see Notes 4.2.2 Closing of the agreement with the Belgian State on the ten-year extension of two reactors and on the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State and 14.1.1.3 Loans and receivables at amortized cost).

The breakdown in the change in the cumulative fair value of Synatom’s assets is presented as follows:

Cumulative change in the fair value of dedicated ˱nancial assets

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 174 81

Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (103) (19)

Debt instruments at fair value through pro ˱t or loss 166 83

TOTAL 237 145

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The net gain for the period generated by these assets amounted to €283 million in 2025 (net pro ˱t of €324 million in 2024).

Effects on the result of the return on dedicated ˱nancial assets

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Disposal proceeds 110 (61)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Return on assets 126 329

Change in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges 38 (212)

Change in fair value of dedicated assets through income 9 268

TOTAL 283 324

[Page 452] 17.3 Dismantling of non-nuclear plant and equipment and site rehabilitation

17.3.1 Dismantling obligations arising on non‑nuclear plant and equipment

to green gas, hydrogen or CO 2 transport mean that they can be used in the very distant future, which means that the present value of future dismantling expenses is almost zero, except in the speci ˱c cases of LNG terminals and reduced operation and non-regulated storage sites mainly in France and Germany, for which provisions for dismantling amounted to €363 million at December 31, 2025 and €353 million at December 31, 2024.

Certain items of plant and equipment, including conventional power stations, transmission and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and LNG terminals, have to be dismantled at the end of their operational lives or safely shut down. These obligations are the result of prevailing environmental regulations in the countries concerned, contractual agreements, or an implicit Group commitment. The most important issue for the Group concerns gas infrastructures in France.

Given its time horizon and developments in French and European public policies, the Group will continue to assess the long-term scenario that will enable it to contribute to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 on a regular basis. These assessments will be accompanied by a review of the valuation of dismantling provisions.

A more substantial change in the regulatory framework could have an impact on the sizing, operating life and dismantling schedule of gas infrastructures in France, and could have an impact on the amount of the provision for dismantling.

France’s political guidelines for the energy transition aim to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, by reducing greenhouse gas emissions and promoting renewable energies, particularly biomethane and hydrogen. The scenarios for achieving this goal, including France's National Low Carbon Scenario, the ADEME scenarios, and RTE's “Energy Futures” prospective study, project a signi ˱cant decline in gas consumption, while maintaining an important role for gas infrastructure, which is necessary to ensure the ˳exibility of the energy system and limit the rise in peak electricity demand.

17.3.2 Hazelwood Power Station & Mine (Australia)

The Group and its partner Mitsui announced in November 2016 their decision to close the coal- ˱red Hazelwood Power Station, and cease coal extraction operations from the adjoining mine from late March 2017. The Group holds a 72% interest in the former 1,600 MW power station and adjoining coal mine, which has been consolidated as a joint operation.

The Multi-Year Energy Program (PPE 3), which was open for public consultation from November 4 to December 16, 2024, and whose implementing decree was published on February 13, 2026, con˱rms the growing importance of renewable gases in the future energy mix, with a target of 44 TWh injected by 2030, a target con˱rmed by the March 2025 report of the Court of Auditors. The roadmap also provides for increased development of hydrogen and the need to strengthen national green gas and CO 2 networks. These guidelines reinforce the Group's vision of the importance of gas infrastructure in France and its continued role in the national energy landscape.

At December 31, 2025, the Group’s share (72%) of the provision covering the obligation to dismantle and rehabilitate the mine amounted to €194 million, versus €239 million at December 31, 2024.

This analysis is also shared by the CRE, which in April 2023 issued a report entitled “The future of gas infrastructure in 2030 and 2050, in the context of achieving carbon neutrality” following its work with gas infrastructure operators and various stakeholders. The CRE continued its study during 2025 with a view to publishing a new report in 2026.

Dismantling and site rehabilitation work commenced in 2017 and focused on: managing site contamination; planning site wide environmental clean-up; the demolition and dismantling of all of the site’s industrial facilities, including the former power station; and ongoing aquifer pumping and designated earthworks within the mine to ensure mine ˳oor and batter stability with a view to long-term rehabilitation into a pit lake.

The ultimate regulatory obligations are likely to be revised during the life of the project and could therefore have an impact on provisions.

In addition, the gas package published in May 2024 paves the way for the implementation of a regulatory framework for hydrogen transport to be rolled out by 2033 at the latest. To this end, in October 2025, the CRE began preparatory work, including workshops between November 2025 and May 2026, focusing in particular on the certi ˱cation of network operators, transport, balancing, storage and terminals. This work increases the visibility of the gradual conversion and future use of existing infrastructure.

The amount of the provision recognized is based on the Group’s best current estimate of the demolition and rehabilitation costs that Hazelwood is expected to incur. However, the amount of this provision may be adjusted in the future to take into account any changes in the key inputs.

Due to the projected importance of green gases in the French energy mix scheduled for 2050 and beyond, gas infrastructures will remain largely necessary. Their adaptation and reconversion

17.4 Other contingencies

This caption essentially includes provisions for commercial litigation, tax claims and disputes (except income tax, pursuant to IFRIC 23), provisions for restructuring and provisions for onerous contracts relating to storage and transport capacity reservation contracts.

[Page 453] NOTE 18 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND OTHER LONG-TERM BENEFITS

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pension commitments are measured on the basis of actuarial assumptions. The Group considers that the assumptions used to measure its obligations are relevant and documented. However, any change in these assumptions could have a signi˱cant impact on the resulting calculations.

Depending on the laws and practices in force in the countries where the Group operates, Group companies have obligations in terms of pensions, early retirement payments, retirement bonuses and other bene ˱t plans. Such obligations generally apply to all employees within the companies concerned.

Provisions are recorded when commitments under these plans exceed the fair value of plan assets. Where the value of plan assets (capped where appropriate) is greater than the related commitments, the surplus is recorded as an asset under “Other assets” (current or non-current).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Group’s obligations in relation to pensions and other employee bene˱ts are recognized and measured in compliance with IAS 19. Accordingly:

• the cost of de ˱ned contribution plans is expensed based on the amount of contributions payable in the period;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As regards post-employment bene˱t obligations, actuarial gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. Where appropriate, adjustments resulting from applying the asset ceiling to net assets relating to overfunded plans are treated in a similar way. However, actuarial gains and losses on other long-term bene˱ts such as long-service awards, are recognized immediately in pro˱t or loss.

Net interest on the net de˱ned bene˱t liability (asset) is presented in net ˱nancial income/(loss).

• the Group’s obligations concerning pensions and other employee bene ˱ts payable under de˱ned bene˱t plans are assessed on an actuarial basis using the projected unit credit method. These calculations are based on assumptions relating to mortality, staff turnover and estimated future salary increases, as well as the economic conditions speci˱c to each country or entity of the Group. Discount rates are determined by reference to the yield, at the measurement date, on investment grade corporate bonds in the related geographical area (or on government bonds in countries where no representative market for such corporate bonds exists).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

18.1 Description of the main pension plans

18.1.1 Companies belonging to the Electricity and Gas Industries sector in France

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As this plan is a de˱ned bene˱t plan, the Group has set aside a pension provision in respect of speci˱c bene˱ts payable to employees of unregulated businesses and speci˱c bene˱ts vested by employees of regulated businesses since January 1, 2005. This provision also covers the Group’s early retirement obligations. The provision amount may be subject to ˳uctuations based on the weight of the Group’s companies within the EGI sector.

The special EGI pension plan, unlike other EGI bene˱ts, has been closed to new entrants since September 1, 2023.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Since January 1, 2005, the CNIEG ( Caisse nationale des industries électriques et gazières ) has operated the pension, disability, death, occupational accident and occupational illness bene ˱t plans for electricity and gas industry (hereinafter “EGI”) companies in France. The CNIEG is a social security legal entity under private law placed under the joint responsibility of the ministries in charge of social security and the budget.

Pension bene˱t obligations and other “mutualized” obligations are assessed by the CNIEG.

Employees and retirees of EGI sector companies have been fully af˱liated to the CNIEG since January 1, 2005. The main af˱liated Group entities are ENGIE SA, GRDF, NaTran, Elengy, Storengy, ENGIE Thermique France, CPCU, CNR and SHEM.

At December 31, 2025, the projected bene˱t obligation in respect of the special pension plan for EGI sector companies amounted to €2.571 billion.

The duration of the pension bene˱t obligation of the EGI pension plan is 17 years.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

18.1.2 Companies belonging to the electricity and gas sector in Belgium

In Belgium, the rights of employees in electricity and gas sector companies, principally Electrabel, Laborelec and some ENGIE Energy Management Trading and ENGIE CC employee categories, are governed by collective bargaining agreements.

Following the funding reform of the special EGI pension plan introduced by Law No. 2004-803 of August 9, 2004 and its implementing decrees, speci˱c bene˱ts (pension bene˱ts on top of the standard bene˱ts payable under ordinary law) already vested at December 31, 2004 (“past speci˱c bene˱ts”) were allocated between the various EGI entities. Past speci˱c bene˱ts (bene˱ts vested at December 31, 2004) relating to regulated transmission and distribution businesses (“regulated past speci˱c bene˱ts”) are funded by the levy on gas and electricity transmission and distribution services ( contribution tarifaire d’acheminement ) and therefore no longer represent an obligation for the ENGIE Group. Unregulated past speci ˱c bene˱ts (bene˱ts vested at December 31, 2004) are funded by EGI sector companies to the extent de˱ned by Decree No. 2005-322 of April 5, 2005.

The speci˱c bene˱ts vested under the plan since January 1, 2005 are wholly ˱nanced by EGI sector companies in proportion to their respective weight in terms of payroll costs within the EGI sector.

These agreements, applicable to “wage-rated” employees recruited prior to June 1, 2002 and managerial staff recruited prior to May 1, 1999, specify the bene ˱ts entitling employees to a supplementary pension equivalent to 75% of their most recent annual income, for a full career and in addition to the statutory pension. These top-up pension payments provided under de˱ned bene˱t plans are partly reversionary. In practice, the bene˱ts are paid in the form of a lump sum for the majority of plan participants. Most of the obligations resulting from these pension plans are ˱nanced through

[Page 454] 18.1.3 Other pension plans

pension funds set up for the electricity and gas sector and by certain insurance companies. Pre-funded pension plans are ˱nanced by employer and employee contributions. Employer contributions are calculated annually based on actuarial assessments.

Most other Group companies also grant their employees retirement bene ˱ts. In terms of ˱nancing, pension plans within the Group are almost equally split between de˱ned bene˱t and de˱ned contribution plans.

The Group’s main pension plans outside France and Belgium concern:

The actuarial “pension” liability relating to these plans amounted to €1.2 billion at December 31, 2025. The average duration of these plans is 9 years.

"Wage-rated" employees recruited after June 1, 2002 and managerial staff (i) recruited after May 1, 1999 or (ii) having opted for the transfer through de˱ned contribution plans, are covered under de˱ned contribution plans. Prior to January 1, 2017, the law speci˱ed a minimum average annual return (3.75% on wage contributions and 3.25% on employer contributions) when savings are liquidated.

• the United Kingdom: the large majority of de ˱ned bene˱t pension plans are now closed to new entrants and future bene˱ts no longer vest under these plans. All entities run a de˱ned contribution scheme. The pension obligations of International Power’s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom are covered by the special Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (ESPS). The assets of this de˱ned bene˱t scheme are invested in separate funds. Since June 1, 2008, the scheme has been closed and a de˱ned contribution plan has been set up for new entrants;

• Germany: the Group’s German subsidiaries have closed their de ˱ned bene˱t plans to new entrants and now offer de˱ned contribution plans;

The law on supplementary pensions, approved on December 18, 2016 and enforced on January 1, 2017 henceforth speci˱es a minimum rate of return, depending on the actual rate of return of Belgian government bonds, within a range of 1.75%-3.25% (the rates are now identical for employee and employer contributions). In 2025, the minimum rate of return stood at 2.5%.

An expense of €45 million was recognized in 2025, and €44 million in 2024 in respect of these de˱ned contribution plans.

• Brazil: ENGIE Brasil Energia operates its own pension scheme. This scheme has been split into two parts, one for the (closed) de ˱ned bene˱t plan, and the other for the de˱ned contribution plan that has been available to new entrants since the beginning of 2005.

18.2 Description of other post-employment bene ˱t obligations and other long‑term bene˱ts

18.2.1 Other bene ˱ts granted to current and former EGI sector employees

Other benefits granted to EGI sector employees are:

18.2.1.1 Reduced energy prices

• post-employment bene ˱ts:

• reduced energy prices,

• end-of-career indemnities,

Under Article 28 of the national statute for electricity and gas industry personnel, all employees (current and former employees, provided they meet certain length-of-service conditions) are entitled to bene ˱ts in kind, which take the form of reduced energy prices known as “employee rates”.

• bonus leave,

• death capital bene ˱ts;

• long-term bene ˱ts:

• allowances for occupational accidents and illnesses,

• temporary and permanent disability allowances,

This bene˱t entitles employees to electricity and gas supplies at a reduced price. For retired employees, this provision represents a post-employment de˱ned bene˱t. Retired employees are only entitled to the reduced rate if they have completed at least 15 years’ service within EGI sector companies.

• long-service awards.

The Group’s main obligations are described below.

In accordance with the agreements signed with EDF in 1951, ENGIE provides gas to all current and former employees of ENGIE and EDF, while EDF supplies electricity to these same bene˱ciaries. ENGIE pays (or bene˱ts from) the balancing contribution payable in respect of its employees as a result of energy exchanges between the two utilities.

[Page 455] The amount of the obligation corresponds to the likely present value of the bene˱ts to be paid to current bene˱ciaries, taking into account any reversionary annuities.

The obligation to provide energy at a reduced price to current and former employees during their retirement is measured as the difference between the energy sale price and the preferential rate granted to employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

18.2.2 Other bene ˱ts granted to employees of the gas and electricity sector in Belgium

The provision set aside in respect of reduced energy prices stood at €2.38 billion at December 31, 2025. The duration of the obligation is 16 years.

18.2.1.2 End-of-career indemnities

Retiring employees (or their dependents in the event of death during active service) are entitled to end-of-career indemnities, which increase in line with the length of service within the EGI sector.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Electricity and gas sector companies also grant other postemployee bene ˱ts such as the reimbursement of medical expenses, electricity and gas price reductions, as well as length-of-service awards and early retirement schemes. These bene˱ts are not prefunded, with the exception of the special allocation transitoire termination indemnity, considered as an end-of-career indemnity.

18.2.3 Other collective agreements

18.2.1.3 Compensation for occupational accidents and illnesses

Most other Group companies also grant their staff postemployment bene ˱ts (early retirement plans, medical coverage, bene˱ts in kind, etc.) and other long-term bene˱ts such as jubilee and length-of-service awards.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EGI sector employees are entitled to compensation for accidents at work and occupational illnesses. These bene ˱ts cover all employees or the dependents of employees who die as a result of occupational accidents or illnesses, or injuries undergone on the way to work.

18.3 De ˱ned bene˱t plans

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

18.3.1 Amounts presented in the statement of ˱nancial position and statement of comprehensive income

the difference between the gross projected bene˱t obligation and the fair value of plan assets. A provision is recognized if this difference is positive (net obligation), while a prepaid bene˱t cost is recorded in the statement of ˱nancial position when the difference is negative, provided that the conditions for recognizing the prepaid bene˱t cost are met.

In accordance with IAS 19, the information presented in the statement of ˱nancial position relating to post-employment bene˱t obligations and other long-term bene˱ts results from

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in provisions for pension plans, post-employment bene˱ts and other long-term bene˱ts, plan assets and reimbursement rights recognized in the statement of ˱nancial position are as follows:

In millions of euros Provisions Plan assets Reimbursement rights

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 (4,979) 386 260

Exchange rate differences 19 (6) -

Changes in scope of consolidation and other 1 8 (5)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Actuarial gains and losses 736 91 (1)

Periodic pension cost (302) (46) 8

Contributions/bene ˱ts paid 312 15 3

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 (4,212) 449 266

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Eurozone represented 98% of the Group’s net obligation at December 31, 2025, (99% at December 31, 2024).

Plan assets and reimbursement rights are presented in the statement of ˱nancial position under “Other non-current assets” or “Other current assets”.

Cumulative actuarial gains and losses recognized in equity amounted to -€742 million at December 31, 2025, compared to -€1,576 million at December 31, 2024.

The cost recognized for the period amounted to €348 million in 2025 (€428 million in 2024). The components of this de˱ned bene˱t cost in the period are set out in Note 18.3.3 Components of the net periodic pension cost.

Net actuarial gains and losses arising in the period and presented on a separate line in the statement of comprehensive income represented a net actuarial gain of €827 million in 2025 and a net actuarial gain of €406 million in 2024.

[Page 456] 18.3.2 Change in bene ˱t obligations and plan assets

The table below shows the amount of the ENGIE Group’s projected bene ˱t obligations and plan assets, changes in these items during the periods presented, and their reconciliation with the amounts reported in the statement of ˱nancial position:

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Long-term bene ˱t obligations (3) Total

Other postemployment bene ˱t obligations (2)

Pension bene ˱t obligations (1)

Other postemployment bene ˱t obligations (2)

Long-term bene ˱t obligations (3) Total

Pension bene ˱t obligations (1)

A – CHANGE IN PROJECTED BENEFIT OBLIGATION

Projected bene ˱t obligation at January 1 (6,022) (3,332) (435) (9,788) (5,966) (3,529) (433) (9,928)

Current service cost (148) (49) (43) (239) (174) (57) (38) (269)

Interest expense (231) (119) (15) (364) (228) (124) (14) (367)

Contributions paid (8) - - (8) (8) - - (8)

Amendments 15 - - 15 2 - - 2

Changes in scope of consolidation 1 6 - 7 1 - - 1

Curtailments/settlements 13 - - 13 - - - -

Financial actuarial gains and losses 421 415 15 852 (62) 2 (4) (64)

Demographic actuarial gains and losses (14) 31 9 26 8 245 7 261

Bene ˱ts paid 325 134 49 508 358 133 46 537

Other (of which translation adjustments) 21 - 1 22 47 - 1 47

Projected bene ˱t obligation at December 31 A (5,627) (2,912) (418) (8,958) (6,022) (3,332) (435) (9,788)

B – CHANGE IN FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSETS

Fair value of plan assets at January 1 5,267 - - 5,267 5,067 - - 5,067

Interest income on plan assets 205 - - 205 202 - - 202

Financial actuarial gains and losses (26) - - (26) 213 - - 213

Contributions received 91 - - 91 80 - - 80

Bene ˱ts paid (263) - - (263) (293) - - (293)

Other (of which translation adjustments) (24) - - (24) (2) - - (2)

Fair value of plan assets at December 31 B 5,250 - - 5,250 5,267 - - 5,267

C – FUNDED STATUS A+B (377) (2,912) (418) (3,708) (754) (3,332) (435) (4,521)

Asset ceiling (56) - - (56) (71) - - (71)

Net bene ˱t obligation (433) (2,912) (418) (3,764) (827) (3,332) (435) (4,593)

TOTAL LIABILITIES (882) (2,912) (418) (4,212) (1,214) (3,332) (435) (4,979)

TOTAL ASSET 449 - - 449 386 - - 386

(1) Pensions and retirement bonuses. (2) Reduced energy prices, healthcare, gratuities and other post-employment bene ˶ts. (3) Length-of-service awards and other long-term bene˶ts.

18.3.3 Components of the net periodic pension cost

The net periodic cost recognized in respect of de ˱ned bene˱t obligations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 breaks down as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Current service cost 239 269

Actuarial gains and losses (1) (24) (4)

Gains or losses on pension plan curtailments, terminations and settlements (27) (2)

Total accounted for under current operating income including operating MtM and share in net income of equity method entities 188 263

Net interest expense 160 165

Total accounted for under net ˱nancial income/(loss) 160 165

TOTAL 348 428

(1) On the long-term bene ˶t obligation.

[Page 457] 18.3.4 Funding policy and strategy

achieve a long-term rate of return higher than the discount rate or, where appropriate, at least equal to future required returns.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

When de ˱ned bene˱t plans are funded, the related plan assets are invested in pension funds and/or with insurance companies, depending on the investment practices speci˱c to the country concerned. The investment strategies underlying these de˱ned bene˱t plans are aimed at striking the right balance between return on investment and acceptable levels of risk.

The objectives of these strategies can be summarized as follows: to maintain suf˱cient liquidity to cover pension and other bene˱t payments; and as part of risk management, to

When plan assets are invested in pension funds, investment decisions are the responsibility of the fund management concerned. For French companies, where plan assets are invested with an insurance company, the latter manages the investment portfolio for unit-linked policies or eurodenominated policies, in a manner adapted to the risk and long-term pro˱le of the liabilities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The funding of these obligations for each of the periods presented can be analyzed as follows:

In millions of euros Projected bene ˱t obligation Fair value of plan assets Asset ceiling Total net obligation

Underfunded plans (2,338) 1,613 (52) (777)

Overfunded plans (3,168) 3,637 (3) 466

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Unfunded plans (3,452) - - (3,452)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 (8,958) 5,250 (56) (3,764)

Underfunded plans (4,063) 3,393 (68) (738)

Overfunded plans (1,469) 1,874 (3) 402

Unfunded plans (4,256) - - (4,256)

AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 (9,788) 5,267 (71) (4,593)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The allocation of plan assets by principal asset category can be analyzed as follows:

In % Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Equity investments 25 27

Sovereign bond investments 27 23

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Corporate bond investments 31 34

Money market securities 3 3

Real estate 1 2

Other assets 13 11

TOTAL 100 100

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All plan assets were quoted on an active market at December 31, 2025.

In 2025, the actual return on plan assets of Belgian entities amounted to approximately a positive 5.7% in Group insurance and a positive 6.8% in pension funds.

The actual return on assets of EGI sector companies stood at a positive 4.7% in 2025.

The allocation of plan asset categories by geographic area of investment can be analyzed as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In % Europe North America Latin America Asia ̶ Oceania Rest of the World Total

Equity investments 49 30 - 15 5 100

Sovereign bond investments 56 7 16 14 7 100

Corporate bond investments 50 27 - 11 11 100

Money market securities 53 - - - 46 100

Real estate 84 11 - 3 3 100

Other assets 4 2 - - 94 100

[Page 458] 18.3.5 Actuarial assumptions

Actuarial assumptions are determined individually by country and company in conjunction with independent actuaries. Weighted discount rates for the main actuarial assumptions are presented below:

Pension bene ˱t obligations Other post-employment bene˱t obligations Long-term bene˱t obligations Total bene˱t obligations

2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

Discount rate Eurozone 4.2% 3.5% 4.2% 3.5% 4.2% 3.5% 4.2% 3.5%

UK Zone 5.6% 5.1% - - - - - -

In ˳ation rate Eurozone 2.0% 2.0% 2.0% 2.0% 2.0% 2.0% 2.0% 2.0%

UK Zone 3.2% 3.5% - - - - - -

18.3.5.1 Discount and in ˳ation rates

18.3.6 Estimated employer contributions payable in 2026 under de ˱ned bene˱t plans

The discount rate applied is determined based on the yield, at the date of the calculation, of investment grade corporate bonds with maturities mirroring the term of the plan.

The rates were determined for each monetary area based on data for AA corporate bond yields. For the Eurozone, data (from Bloomberg) are extrapolated on the basis of government bond yields for long maturities.

The Group expects to pay around €186 million in contributions into its de ˱ned bene˱t plans in 2026, including €124 million for EGI sector companies. Annual contributions in respect of EGI sector companies will be made by reference to rights vested during the year, taking into account the funding level for each entity in order to even out contributions over the medium term.

According to the Group’s estimates, a 100-basis-point increase (decrease) in the discount rate would result in a decrease (increase) of approximately 12% in the projected bene ˱t obligation.

The in˳ation rates were determined for each monetary area. A 100-basis-point increase (decrease) in the in˳ation rate (with an unchanged discount rate) would result in an increase (decrease) of approximately 11% in the projected bene˱t obligation.

18.4 De ˱ned contribution plans

In 2025, the Group recorded a €88 million expense in respect of amounts paid into Group de ˱ned contribution plans of which €8 million concerning multi-employer plans in Netherlands (compared with €88 million in 2024, of which €9 million concerned multi-employer plans in the Netherlands). These contributions are recorded under “Personnel costs” in the consolidated income statement.

[Page 459] NOTE 19 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

vesting period, and based on the estimated turnover rate for the employees concerned and the probability that the Group will meet its performance targets. The cost of shares granted to employees is expensed over the vesting period of the rights and offset against equity.

Under IFRS 2, share-based payments made in consideration for services provided are recognized as personnel costs. These services are measured at the fair value of the instruments awarded.

A Monte Carlo pricing model is used for performance shares granted on a discretionary basis and subject to external performance criteria.

The fair value of bonus share plans is estimated by reference to the share price at the grant date, taking into account the fact that no dividend is payable over the

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Expenses recognized in respect of share-based payments break down as follows:

Expense for the year

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Employee share issues (1) (55) (51)

Bonus/performance share plans (2) (51) (46)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other (6) -

TOTAL (112) (97)

(1) Including Share Appreciation Rights set up within the scope of employee share issues in certain countries. (2) Following a review of the performance and presence conditions of plans whose vesting period ended in 2025, a downward adjustment of €4.8 million was recognized in 2025. An adjustment of €3.5 million in respect of these conditions was recognized for plans delivered in 2024.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

19.1 Link 2025

19.1.1 Description of available ENGIE share plans

19.1.2 Accounting impacts

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The subscription price for the 2025 plan represents the average closing price of the ENGIE share on Euronext Paris between May 5, 2025 and May 30, 2025 inclusive. The reference price is set at €18.45 less 24.39% for the Link Classique plan, i.e. €14.76.

In 2025, Group employees and former Group employees were entitled to purchase ENGIE shares as part of the “Link 2025” worldwide employee share ownership plan. The offering mainly involved the sale of treasury shares. Employees had the option of acquiring these shares through the classic formula with a discount and employer contribution, either directly or through an employee share ownership fund (FCPE).

The expense recognized in the consolidated ˱nancial statements in respect of the Link Classique plan corresponds to the difference between the fair value of the shares subscribed and the subscription price.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Link Classique plan featured an employer top-up contribution corresponding to 200% of the employee contribution up to €250, and to 100% of the employee contribution between €250 and €750, and hence limited to €1,000.

The accounting impacts break down as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Link Classique Link Classique – employer top up contribution Total

Amount subscribed (in millions of euros) 70 - 70

Number of shares subscribed (in millions of shares) 4.7 2.2 6.9

Discount (in euros/share) 4.8 14.8 -

COST FOR THE GROUP (IN MILLIONS OF EUROS) 23 33 55

Subscriptions to the Link 2025 plan totaled €70 million and break down as follows:

The Group recognized a total expense of €55 million for 2025 in respect of the 4.7 million shares subscribed and the 2.2 million bonus shares awarded under employer top-up contributions.

• the sale of treasury shares to employees amounted to €66 million;

• a capital increase and additional paid-in capital of €4 million (excluding issuance costs).

[Page 460] 19.2 Performance shares

19.2.1 New awards in 2025

ENGIE Performance Share plan of February 26, 2025

• a condition relating to the level of Return On Average Capital Employed (ROACE), which accounts for 35% of the total award;

On February 26, 2025, the Board of Directors approved the award of 5.0 million performance shares to members of the Group's executive and senior management. This plan consists of performance shares vesting on March 14, 2028. At March 15, 2028, the shares are transferable without further restriction.

• a condition relating to non- ˱nancial criteria in terms of greenhouse gas emissions linked to energy production, an increase in the proportion of renewable capacities and an increase in the proportion of women in management, which accounts for 30% of the total award.

Under this plan, performance shares without conditions were also awarded notably to the winners of the Innovation and Incubation programs (86,050 shares awarded).

In addition to a condition requiring employees to be employed with the Group at the vesting date, each tranche is made up of instruments subject to three different conditions, excluding the ˱rst 500 performance shares granted to bene˱ciaries (excluding senior management), which are exempt from performance conditions. The performance conditions are as follows:

• a condition relating to the evolution of the Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of the ENGIE share over three years, the reference price corresponding to the average of the index and the last 40 quoted prices for the ENGIE share preceding the ˱rst day of the month of the grant, this average being compared with the same measurement three years later, which accounts for 35% of the total award;

19.2.2 Fair value of bonus share plans with or without performance conditions

The following assumptions were used to calculate the unitary fair value of the new plans awarded by ENGIE in 2025:

Market-related performance condition Unitary fair value

Award date Vesting date End of the lock-up period Price at the award date Expected dividend

February 26, 2025 February 26, 2025 March 14, 2028 16.5 1.20 yes 11.26

19.2.3 Review of internal performance conditions applicable to the plans

When this condition is not fully met, the number of bonus shares granted to employees is reduced in accordance with the plans’ regulations leading to a decrease in the total expense recognized in relation to the plans in accordance with IFRS 2. Performance conditions are reviewed at each reporting date.

In addition to the condition of continuing employment within the Group, eligibility for certain bonus share and performance share plans is subject to an internal performance condition.

[Page 461] NOTE 20 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

This note describes material transactions between the Group and its related parties.

Transactions with joint ventures and associates are described in Note 3 Investments in equity method entities.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Only material transactions are described below.

Compensation payable to key management personnel is disclosed in Note 21 Executive compensation.

20.1 Relations with the French State and with entities owned or partly owned by the French State

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

20.1.1 Relations with the French State

The Law on Energy and Climate enacted on November 8, 2019 provided for the phase out of regulated gas tariffs and the restriction of regulated electricity tariffs to residential consumers and small businesses. Regulated gas tariffs were phased out on July 1, 2023.

20.1.2 Relations with EDF

The French State’s interest in the Group at December 31, 2025 remained unchanged at 23.64% compared with the previous year. This entitles it to three of the 14 seats on the Board of Directors (one Director representing the State appointed by decree, and two Directors appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting at the proposal of the State).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The French State holds 34.15% of the theoretical voting rights (34.19% of exercisable voting rights) compared with 34.13% at end-2024.

On May 22, 2019, the PACTE Law (“Action plan for business growth and transformation”) was enacted, enabling the French State to dispose of its ENGIE shares without restriction.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Following the creation on July 1, 2004 of the French gas and electricity distribution network operator (EDF Gaz de France Distribution), Gaz de France SA and EDF entered into an agreement on April 18, 2005 setting out their relationship as regards the distribution business. The December 7, 2006 law on the energy sector reorganized the natural gas and electricity distribution networks. Enedis SA, a subsidiary of EDF SA, and GRDF SA, a subsidiary of ENGIE SA, were created on January 1, 2007 and December 31, 2007, respectively, and act in accordance with the agreement previously signed by the two incumbent operators.

In addition, the French State holds a golden share aimed at protecting France’s critical interests and ensuring the continuity and safeguarding of supplies in the energy sector. The French State's golden share in ENGIE, governed by the Energy Code, gives it a limited right of veto on certain decisions concerning gas infrastructures in France, which represent only a small percentage of the Group's strategic assets.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Public service engagements in the energy sector are de ˱ned by the law of January 3, 2003.

With the deployment of smart meters for both electricity and gas, the “common” businesses deployed by the two distributors evolved signi ˱cantly. Since 2024, the remaining mixed activities have been reduced to occupational medicine, medical advice and the management of rates for residential customers. A project coordinated by the two distributors aims to ˱nalize the unbundling of these activities.

Transmission rates on the NaTran transportation network and the gas distribution network in France, as well as rates for accessing the French LNG terminals and revenues from storage capacities, are all regulated.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

20.2 Relations with the CNIEG (Caisse nationale des industries électriques et gazières)

The Group’s relations with the CNIEG, which manages all old-age, death and disability bene ˱ts for active and retired employees of the Group who belong to the special EGI pension plan, employees of EDF and Non-Nationalized Companies ( Entreprises non nationalisées – ENN), are described in Note 18 Post-employment bene ˱ts and other long-term bene˱ts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 462] NOTE 21 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The executive compensation presented below includes the compensation of the members of the Group’s Executive Committee and Board of Directors.

The Executive Committee had 10 members at December 31, 2025 unchanged compared to December 31, 2024.

Their compensation breaks down as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Short-term bene ˱ts 31 27

Share-based payments 7 6

TOTAL 38 33

NOTE 22 WORKING CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS, INVENTORIES, OTHER ASSETS AND OTHER LIABILITIES

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Certain inventories are used for trading purposes and are recognized at fair value less selling costs, in accordance with IAS 2. Any changes in said fair value are recognized in the consolidated income statement for the year in which they occur.

Greenhouse gas emission rights, energy saving certi ˱cates and green certi˱cates

In accordance with IAS 1, the Group’s current and noncurrent assets and liabilities are shown separately in the consolidated statement of ˱nancial position. In view of the majority of the Group’s activities, it was considered that the criterion to be used to classify assets is the expected time to realize the asset or settle the liability: the asset is classi˱ed as current if this period is less than 12 months and as non-current if it is more than 12 months after the reporting period.

Inventories

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value corresponds to the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

The cost of inventories is determined based on the ˱rst-in, ˱rst-out method or the weighted average cost formula.

In the absence of speci ˱c IFRS standards or IFRIC interpretations on accounting for greenhouse gas emission allowances, energy saving certi˱cates and green certi˱cates, the Group has decided to recognize certi˱cates in inventories at their acquisition or production cost. At the reporting date, a liability is recognized if the certi˱cates held by the Group are insuf˱cient to meet the obligation to return certi˱cates to the French government. When not covered by the certi˱cates held in inventories, the liability is measured at the market value or based on the price of any future contracts that have been entered into, when applicable.

Tax equity

Nuclear fuel purchased is consumed in the process of producing electricity over a number of years. The consumption of this nuclear fuel inventory is recorded based on estimates of the quantity of electricity produced per unit of fuel.

Gas inventories

The ENGIE Group ˱nances its renewables projects in the United States through tax equity structures, in which part of the necessary funds is provided by a tax partner. The tax partner obtains, up to a pre-determined level, a preferential right essentially to the project’s tax credits, which it can deduct from its own tax base.

Gas injected into underground storage facilities includes working gas, which can be extracted without adversely affecting the subsequent operation of the reservoirs, and cushion gas, which is inseparable from the reservoirs and essential for their operation (see Note 13.3 Property, plant and equipment).

The tax partner’s investments meet the de˱nition of a liability under IFRS. Since the tax equity liability corresponding to these tax bene˱ts does not give rise to any cash out˳ow for the project entity, it does not represent a ˱nancial debt and is accounted for in “Other liabilities”.

Working gas is classi ˱ed in inventories and measured at weighted average purchase cost upon entering the transportation network regardless of its source, including any regasi˱cation costs.

Besides the unwinding effect, the liability changes mainly in line with the tax credits allocated to the tax partner and recognized in pro˱t or loss.

Group inventory out˳ows are valued using the weighted average unit cost method.

[Page 463] 22.1 Composition of change in working capital requirements

In millions of euros

Change in working capital requirements at Dec. 31, 2024

Change in working capital requirements at Dec. 31, 2025

Inventories 837 1,140

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Trade and other receivables 2,819 4,266

Trade and other payables (2,581) (2,564)

Tax and employee-related receivables/payables (343) (601)

Margin calls and derivative instruments hedging commodities relating to trading activities 233 (1,198)

Other (14,951) (1,270)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL (13,986) (227)

The change in working capital requirements includes, under the Other line, the effects of the settlement of the ˱rst and last installments of the nuclear liabilities (see Note 4.2.2 Closing of the agreement with the Belgian State on the 10-year extension of two reactors and on the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State”).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

22.2 Inventories

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Inventories of natural gas, net 1,082 2,139

Inventories of uranium (1) 243 301

CO 2 emissions allowances, green certi ˱cates and energy saving certi˱cates, net 618 1,546

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Inventories of commodities other than gas and other inventories, net 909 1,074

TOTAL 2,852 5,061

(1) Financial hedging instruments are backed by these uranium inventories and represented a negative amount of €14 million at December 31, 2025.

22.3 Other assets and other liabilities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities

In millions of euros

Noncurrent Current Noncurrent Current

Noncurrent Current Noncurrent Current

Other assets and liabilities 890 10,368 (2,631) (13,489) 908 12,395 (2,591) (16,565)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Tax receivables/payables - 6,974 - (7,353) - 7,906 - (8,711)

Employee receivables/payables 718 19 (3) (2,594) 646 20 (3) (2,638)

Dividend receivables/payables - 208 - (218) - 170 - (190)

Other 172 3,167 (2,628) (3,325) 262 4,299 (2,588) (5,026)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, other assets included a receivable towards EDF in respect of nuclear provisions amounting to €322 million (€637 million at December 31, 2024).

Other liabilities include €2,010 million in investments made by tax partners as part of the ˱nancing of renewable projects in the United States by tax equity (€1,975 million at December 31, 2024).

[Page 464] NOTE 23 LEGAL AND ANTI-TRUST PROCEEDINGS

The main disputes and investigations presented hereafter are recognized as liabilities or give rise to contingent assets or liabilities.

In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is involved in a number of disputes and investigations before state courts, arbitral tribunals or regulatory authorities. The disputes and investigations that could have a material impact on the Group are presented below.

23.1 Renewables & Flex Power

23.1.1 Italy – Vado Ligure

˱scal year (amount paid of €133 million). ENGIE is also claiming for the incompatibility of its decision in relation to European Council Regulation (EU) No. 2022/1854 of October 6, 2022 regarding the emergency intervention to address high energy prices in the European Union. On November 21, 2023, at the merit hearing the Court referred the case to the Constitutional Court. On February 20, 2025, the Constitutional Court referred to the European Court of Justice a request (Case C-153/25) for preliminary ruling on the interpretation of the said European Council Regulation. On June 30, 2025, ENGIE ˱led its observations.

In parallel, in October 2024, ENGIE also ˱led an action against the Tax Authority before the Italian ˱scal court to obtain the reimbursement of the tax it had paid in June 2023.

23.1.3 Flémalle – EPC

In November 2021, Electrabel SA entered into an EPC (Engineering, Procurement, Construction) agreement with SEPCO III for the construction of a gas- ˱red power plant in Flémalle (Belgium), in the context of the CRM (Capacity Remuneration Mechanism).

On March 11, 2014, the Court of Savona seized and closed down the VL3 and VL4 coal- ˱red production units at the Vado Ligure thermal power plant belonging to Tirreno Power S.p.A. (TP), a company which is 50%-owned by the ENGIE Group. This decision was taken as part of a criminal investigation against the present and former executive managers of TP into environmental infringements and public health risks. The investigation was closed on July 20, 2016. The case was referred to the Court of Savona to be tried on the merits. The proceedings before the Court of First Instance began on December 11, 2018 and carried on into 2023, seeking the liability of the former members of the Board of Directors and management. Third parties, including the Italian Ministry of the Environment and Ministry of Health, joined the proceedings to claim damages. On October 3, 2023, the Court of Savona acquitted all 26 directors and managers of all charges. The subsidiary Tirreno Power SpA, in which ENGIE has a 50% stake, has also been acquitted. The decision was noti˱ed in January 2024. The public prosecutor appealed the decision in February 2024 along with the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Environment, and two citizens associations. The date of the ˱rst hearing before the Court of Appeal has not yet been set.

In August 2022, Electrabel SA terminated the EPC agreement with SEPCO III for non-performance of its contractual obligations and initiated arbitration proceedings in November 2022, to obtain compensation for the damage sustained.

23.1.2 Italy – exceptional tax on the energy sector

23.1.2.1 Exceptional tax 2022

SEPCO III ˱led a counterclaim against Electrabel seeking damages to cover the alleged loss it had sustained due to the termination of the contract. The parties reached an agreement in December 2025. The ˱le is closed.

23.1.4 Brazil – Claim against sales tax adjustments

ENGIE Brasil Energia SA was subject to a tax reassessment covering ˱scal years 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2018 in respect of federal value-added taxes (PIS and COFINS) for refunds relating to fuel used in the production of energy by thermopower plants. The total amount at stake is BRL 944 million, including a principal amount of BRL 259 million.

The company is contesting these reassessments and has lodged administrative appeals.

In December 2022, ENGIE ˱led an action against the tax authorities to obtain the reimbursement of the tax it had paid in July and November 2022 for a total amount of more than €308 million, pursuant to two legislative decrees (No. 21 and No. 50/2022) that introduced an exceptional solidarity contribution to be paid by operators in the energy sector. ENGIE contests the validity of the basis of the tax in relation to the decree's objective, its compatibility with the Italian Constitution and its compatibility with Italy's European commitments (EU law). The Italian Constitutional Court upheld the tax's conformity with the Constitution and referred the case to the Milan Court of First Instance, which dismissed the claim. ENGIE appealed the negative decision of the ˱rst-tier Court and the proceedings are pending.

23.1.2.2 Exceptional tax 2023

In April 2023, ENGIE ˱led an administrative action against the Tax Authority before the Administrative Court (TAR Lazio) to obtain the annulment of the decision issued on April 23, 2023 regarding the Solidarity Levy for the 2023

While the administrative appeal for ˱scal year 2018 is still being examined at a higher administrative level following a favorable decision, the appeals for ˱scal years 2014, 2015 and 2016 were rejected and the company brought the discussion before the judicial court; the company is awaiting a decision at appeal level, following an unfavorable decision at ˱rst instance.

[Page 465] 23.1.6 Chile – ENGIE Austral

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The Chilean tax authorities contest the price at which ENGIE Austral (ENAU) sold its shares in Eolica Monte Redondo (EMR) to ENGIE Energía Chile (EECL) in 2020 alleging that the price at which ENAU sold EMR to EECL was signi ˱cantly below market price. In June 2024, the authorities ordered ENAU to pay a penalty of USD 62 million, plus interest and ˱nes, bringing the total amount to USD 108 million. Following ENAU’s challenge of the adjustment, the Chilean tax authorities reduced the penalty to around USD 52 million (including late payment interest and ˱nes). In April 2025, ENAU ˱led an appeal before the relevant court against the tax assessment.

Diamante Geraçao de Energia (controlled by ENGIE Brasil Energia SA at the time and owner of the thermopower plants) was also subject to reassessments for the tax treatment of comparable fuel reimbursements. The reassessments concerned both PIS and COFINS taxes ( ˱scal years 2019 to 2022) and corporate income tax (˱scal year 2018). Although ENGIE Brasil Energia SA sold this company in 2021, it remains ˱nancially responsible under the vendor’s warranty regarding the years prior to June 30, 2021. The total amount at stake under ENGIE Brasil Energia SA’s responsibility is BRL 728 million, including a principal amount of BRL 289 million. The company is contesting these reassessments, and ˱scal years 2018 to 2020 are currently under review at administrative appeal level.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

23.1.7 Saudi Arabia – Jubail 3B RO plant

If ENGIE Brasil Energia SA and/or Diamante Geração de Energia are not successful before the administrative courts, these cases could also be referred to the ordinary courts.

23.1.5 Chile – TotalEnergies

On January 9, 2025, following completion of the construction of the Jubail 3B desalination plant in Saudi Arabia, the EPC Contractor consortium formed by Acciona and SEPCO III issued a notice of dispute against ENGIE regarding certain construction-related matters.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On January 24, 2025, ENGIE replied to the EPC notice and issued a counterclaim based on certain disputed matters (including construction delays, costs incurred by ENGIE to take certain remediation actions, and liquidated damages due to the plant’s unavailability).

On January 3, 2023, ENGIE Energía Chile SA initiated international arbitration proceedings against TotalEnergies Gas & Power Limited for breaching its contractual obligations under an LNG supply contract entered into in August 2011. On June 13, 2025, the relevant arbitral tribunal rendered judgment in which it found that TotalEnergies had breached its contractual obligations and should be held liable to pay damages in the amount of approximately USD 100 million plus interest to ENGIE Energia Chile S.A.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Amicable negotiations to settle the ongoing disputes were unsuccessful. Hence, on April 2, 2025, Acciona ˱led a request for arbitration before the Saudi Center for Commercial Arbitration (SCCA). On April 6, 2025, the SCCA initiated the arbitration process. The arbitral tribunal was constituted in July 2025 and the proceedings are currently ongoing.

23.2 Networks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

23.2.1 Brazil – Challenge regarding goodwill amortization and ˱nancial expenses

The Brazilian tax authorities are challenging the deduction by TAG of mais-valia and goodwill amortization and ˱nancial expenses recognized in 2019 and 2020 following the merger of TAG’s acquiring company with TAG, due to an alleged failure to meet legal requirements.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In 2019, Transportadora Associada de Gas (TAG) was acquired through a competitive bidding process. Given the transaction’s size and the need for ˱nancing from both local and international lenders, the acquisition was structured through a consortium formed via Alianca, a Brazilian entity acquired by ENGIE and a third party.

The reassessment amounts to approximately BRL 864 million (BRL 561 million attributable to ENGIE) and 2,722 million of Brazilian reais (BRL 1,770 million attributable to ENGIE) for 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company has lodged an administrative appeal against these reassessments after receiving negative decisions at the court of ˱rst instance.

TAG subsequently absorbed Alianca through a reverse merger, as required under the loan agreements. This transaction resulted in the recognition of mais-valia and goodwill in its accounts, both amortizable under the applicable accounting and tax legislation.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

23.3 Local Energy Infrastructures

23.3.1 Spain – Púnica

In the Púnica case (procedure concerning the awarding of contracts), 15 Cofely España employees, as well as the company itself, were placed under investigation by the examining judge in charge of the case. The criminal investigation was closed on July 19, 2021, with the referral of Cofely España and eight (former) employees before the

criminal court. Cofely España lodged an appeal against this decision on September 30, 2021. On March 9, 2022, the appeal was dismissed and the referral decision upheld. The ˱rst hearings for this matter were held on April 7, 2025, and concluded on September 26, 2025. In December 2025, Cofely España was ˱ned €3.6 million for bribery and in˳uence peddling as well as six out of eight former employees involved for facts dating back more than a decade.

[Page 466] 23.3.2 Italy – Manitalidea

In 2012, ENGIE Servizi formed a temporary association ( associazione temporanea di imprese - ATI) with Manitalidea with the aim of submitting a bid for a public contract launched by CONSIP. ENGIE Servizi had an 85% stake in the ATI, with Manitalidea holding the remaining 15%. The purpose of the contract was to provide energy and maintenance services to hospitals.

On March 11, 2022, Manitalidea ˱led for damages against ENGIE Servizi in the Rome Civil Court, claiming that (i) ENGIE Servizi had not complied with the provisions of the temporary association agreement relating to the distribution of contracts between the partners, and (ii) as a result, Manitalidea had missed an opportunity to increase its revenue. After Manitalidea ˱led for bankruptcy, the claim was extended to include the alleged responsibility of ENGIE Servizi for Manitalidea's ˱nancial dif˱culties and bankruptcy.

In September 2012, three lots of the contract were awarded to the ATI.

As part of the ˱rst-instance proceedings, a technical assessment by a court-appointed expert is currently underway.

23.4 Nuclear

23.4.1 Extension of operations at the nuclear power plants 2015-2025

action on the merits. In the second case on the merits, a judgment was handed down on June 30, 2023, rejecting the interim measures requested, including the request to prohibit Electrabel from taking any irreversible action in connection with the shutdown of Doel 3 and Tihange 2. The case is continuing on the merits, with no precise timetable at this stage.

23.4.3 Appeal against the Belgian energy regulator's decision to implement the law of December 16, 2022 introducing a cap on electricity producers' market revenues

Electrabel lodged an appeal with the Belgian Market Court ( Cour des Marchés ) on March 29, 2023 against the decision of the Belgian energy regulator (CREG) to implement the December 16, 2022 law introducing a cap on electricity producers' market revenues for 2022. Electrabel lodged a second action for annulment with the same court against the same regulator's decision for 2023 revenues.

Various associations have brought actions before the Constitutional Court, the Conseil d'État and the ordinary courts against the laws and administrative decisions authorizing the extension of operations at the Doel 1 and Doel 2 plants. On June 22, 2017 the Constitutional Court referred the case to the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) for a preliminary ruling. In its judgment of July 29, 2019, the CJEU ruled that the Belgian law extending the operating lives of the Doel 1 and Doel 2 reactors (law extending Doel 1 and Doel 2) was adopted without the required environmental assessments being carried out ˱rst, but that the effects of the law on extension could provisionally be maintained where there was a genuine and serious threat of an interruption to the electricity supply, and then only for the length of time strictly necessary to eliminate this threat. In its decision of March 5, 2020, the Constitutional Court overturned the law extending Doel 1 and Doel 2, while maintaining its effects until the legislator adopts a new law after having carried out the required environmental assessment, including a crossborder public consultation process, by December 31, 2022 at the latest.

The environmental assessment and the cross-border public consultation were carried out by the Belgian State in 2021. The draft law incorporating the conclusion of the assessment and the consultation was passed by the Belgian Federal Parliament on October 11, 2022 and the law was published on November 3, 2022.

The auditor submitted his report on January 21, 2025, concluding the inadmissibility of the appeal before the Conseil d'État against the administrative decisions that allowed the extension of operations at the Doel 1 and Doel 2 plants. The Court acknowledged the withdrawal of the parties on May 13, 2025. The case is closed.

23.4.2 Shutdown of the Doel 3 and Tihange 2 power plants

Electrabel contests the validity of this revenue cap, arguing that it is contrary to the European Regulation that introduced it, notably because it falsely determines market revenues using presumptions and not on the basis of revenues actually received, as provided for by the Regulation, and because it is implemented retroactively from August 1, 2022, outside the period covered by the Regulation. The Market Court handed down its ruling in the ˱rst case on October 18, 2023, ˱nding that the action was admissible and prima facie founded, and referred three questions to the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) for a preliminary ruling. On January 10, 2025, CREG lodged an appeal against this ruling. The second case was heard on January 10, 2024, and the ruling handed down on January 31 suspends delivery until the CJEU has ruled on the ˱rst case. By its judgment dated December 1, 2025, the CJEU ruled that the Regulation does not preclude the use of presumptions provided the presumptions are “reasonable” and representative of the reality of the market during the crisis period and that the early application of the cap from August 1, 2022 is not in breach of the invoked provisions.

Various associations have lodged appeals before the Brussels Court of First Instance against Electrabel, the Belgian State, the Nuclear Safety Authority and/or the Elia electricity transmission network to contest the decisions and actions to shut down the Doel 3 (on September 23, 2022) and/or Tihange 2 (on January 31, 2023) power plants. In a ˱rst judgment dated November 16, 2022, the Brussels Court of First Instance, ruling in summary proceedings in one of the cases, con˱rmed the decisions and actions taken in relation to the shutdown. The applicants in this case withdrew their

An appeal was also lodged with the Constitutional Court in June 2023, and was joined with the actions for annulment lodged by the various parties. The Court handed down its ruling on June 20, 2024, referring 15 questions to the CJEU for a preliminary ruling. In addition to the above-mentioned appeals, a claim for restitution of the 2022 tax has been lodged, as well as an appeal to the Court of First Instance for the annulment of the tax.

[Page 467] 23.4.5 Action for annulment before the Belgian Constitutional Court against the Phoenix Law

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

23.4.4 Arbitration procedure in application of the Tihange 1 and Doel 1 and 2 agreements following the adoption of the law of December 16, 2022 introducing a cap on electricity producers’ market revenues

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On October 17, 2023, Electrabel initiated arbitration proceedings against the Belgian State for the breach of the agreements signed for the extension of Tihange 1 on March 12, 2014 and the extension of Doel 1 and Doel 2 on November 30, 2015. These agreements excluded, by virtue of the royalties paid, any other charges in favor of the State (with the exception of general application taxes) linked to the ownership or operation of Tihange 1 or Doel 1 and Doel 2, the revenues, production or production capacity of these plants, or their use of nuclear fuel. Under the terms of the agreements, Electrabel is claiming compensation in relation to of the tax paid for 2022 and the levy for 2023 on these plants.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Five Flemish and ˱ve French-speaking universities have each ˱led an appeal with the Constitutional Court to strike down certain sections of the law on energy security and nuclear energy reform, known as the Phoenix Law. The sections concerned are those relating to (i) the lump sums to be paid, in particular by Electrabel, to obtain the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility to the public institution Hedera for the management of radioactive waste and spent fuel from the Doel and Tihange nuclear power plants, (ii) the conditions for the operational transfer of this waste and spent fuel between Electrabel and the National Agency for Radioactive Waste and Enriched Fissile Materials, and (iii) the protective measures enjoyed by Electrabel, ENGIE (and Luminus) in certain cases listed in Sections 39 to 41 of the Phoenix Law, which cause direct losses to one of these parties. The appellants mainly argue that these sections are discriminatory and violate the principle of equality protected in particular by the Constitution as well as the polluter pays principle enshrined in the EURATOM Treaty and Council Directive 2011/70/ Euratom establishing a community framework for the responsible and safe management of spent fuel and radioactive waste. Electrabel ˱led an application to join the proceedings in order to defend its interests on February 17, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

23.5 Supply & Energy Management

23.5.1 GPE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This arbitration procedure is due to the signi ˱cant delivery shortages by Gazprom Export LLC to ENGIE as of midJune 2022, followed by Gazprom Export LLC's unilateral decision at the end of summer 2022 to reduce its deliveries to ENGIE due to a disagreement between the parties on the application of the agreements. This complex situation has led each party to withdraw their claims by the end of 2026, with the arbitration being suspended in the meantime.

At the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2022, ENGIE initiated an arbitration procedure against Gazprom Export LLC seeking, in particular to obtain (i) recognition of Gazprom Export LLC's non-performance of its gas delivery obligations towards ENGIE under long-term gas delivery agreements and (ii) payment of contractual penalties as well as compensation for damage resulting from this non-performance from Gazprom Export LLC.

23.6 Other

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

23.6.1 Withholding tax

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

on the grounds that the assigned claim should be classi ˱ed as an advance repayment of non-deductible tax, irrespective of the fact that the State had not authorized its repayment by the bank assigning the claim, and that the repayment was only partial. The Conseil d'État referred the case back to the Versailles Administrative Court of Appeal to decide on the basis of a procedure that made the tax treatment of the disputed assignment of receivables in 2005 dependent on the outcome of the précompte litigation itself.

In their tax de ˱ciency notice dated December 22, 2008, the French tax authorities questioned the treatment as corporate income tax of the non-recourse Dailly sale by SUEZ (now ENGIE) of a disputed withholding tax ( précompte ) receivable in 2005 for an amount of €995 million (receivable relating to the précompte paid in respect of the 1999-2003 ˱scal years). The Montreuil Administrative Court handed down a judgment in ENGIE’s favor in 2019, which led the French tax authorities to appeal the decision before the Versailles Court of Appeal, which overturned the prior Court's decision in 2021. On April 14, 2023, the Conseil d'État overturned the Court's ruling

On April 3, 2025, the Court of Appeal ruled in favor of ENGIE SA. The decision was made ˱nal and had no impact on the 2025 ˱nancial statements, as the favorable effects had already been taken into account in previous ˱scal years.

[Page 468] 23.6.2 Poland – Competition procedure

has not lodged an appeal before the court of cassation. The proceedings are now de˱nitively closed.

23.6.3 Claim by the Dutch tax authorities related to interest deductibility

On November 7, 2019, a ˱ne of 172 millions Polish zloty (€40 millions) was imposed on ENGIE Energy Management Holding Switzerland AG (EEMHS) for failing to respond to a request for disclosure of documents from the Polish Competition Authority (UOKiK) in proceedings initiated by the UOKiK which suspected a potential failure to notify by EEMHS and other ˱nancial investors involved in the ˱nancing of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline (main proceedings). EEMHS ˱led an appeal with the Competition Protection Court. On November 7, 2023, the Court reduced the penalty to around €100,000. The UOKiK has appealed this decision to the Warsaw Court of Appeal (second instance). On October 21, 2025, the Warsaw Court of Appeal (second instance) upheld the lower court’s decisions, con˱rmed the €100,000 penalty and recognized the merits of EEMHS’s arguments.

In the context of the main proceedings, on October 6, 2020, the UOKiK ordered EEMHS to pay a ˱ne of 55.5 million Polish zlotys (approximately €12.3 million). The UOKiK also ordered the termination of the ˱nancing agreements for the Nord Stream 2 project. On November 5, 2020, EEMHS appealed this decision with the Competition Protection Court (the “Court”). The appeal automatically suspends the execution of all of the penalties ordered by the UOKiK. On November 21, 2022, the Court overturned the UOKiK's decision in its entirety. The UOKiK has appealed this decision. On October 16, 2023, the Warsaw Court of Appeal (second instance) upheld the lower court's decisions, which overturned the UOKIK's decision in its entirety. The UOKiK

Based on a disputable interpretation of a statutory modi ˱cation that came into force in 2007, the Dutch tax authorities refused the deductibility of a portion (€1.1 billion) of the interest paid on ˱nancing contracted for the acquisition of investments made in the Netherlands since 2000. Following the Dutch tax authorities' rejection of the administrative claim against the 2007 tax assessment, action was brought before the Arnhem Court of First Instance in June 2016. On October 4, 2018, the court ruled in favor of the tax authorities. On October 26, 2020, the ruling was con˱rmed by the Arnhem Court of Appeal. ENGIE Energie Nederland Holding BV considers that the Court committed errors in law and that its decision was not well-founded, under either Dutch or European law. It has therefore appealed the decision before the Court of Cassation. In July 2022, the Court of Cassation decided to refer questions on the compatibility of the Dutch legislation on interest with three of the European fundamental freedoms to the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) for a preliminary ruling. In October 2024, the CJEU ruled that Dutch legislation was compatible with the Treaties and European case law. Following the ruling of the CJEU, the Dutch Court of Cassation issued its ruling on January 16, 2026 upholding the outcome of the 2020 Amhem Court of Appeal decision. With this ruling the court case came to an end.

NOTE 24 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

EBITDA multiple of approximately 10 times, including the additional contribution of unregulated assets.

ENGIE plans to ˱nance this acquisition through a mix of debt and hybrid issuance for approximately €5 billion, and an asset disposal program representing approximately €4 billion by 2028. The Group also plans to raise up to €3 billion in equity through an accelerated book building (ABB).

On February 25, 2026, ENGIE S.A., through its subsidiary ENGIE Group Participations (EGP), entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of UK Power Networks (UKPN), an electricity distribution network operator in the United Kingdom. This company operates three electricity distribution licenses covering the London, South East and East of England regions, representing a total network of around 192,000 km. Each year, UKPN distributes 71 TWh of electricity to 8.5 million customers.

The transaction is based on an equity value of GBP 10.5 billion (€12.1 billion). The enterprise value (1) of the company (at 100%) amounts to GBP 15.8 billion (€18.2 billion) corresponding, for the regulated business, to a multiple of approximately 1.5 times the estimated Regulated Asset Value (RAV) at the end of March 2026 and an estimated 2027

The transaction is expected to be ˱nalized in mid-2026, subject to obtaining the customary regulatory approvals. The combined effect of the acquisition and the progress expected to be made on the divestment plan over the year should generate a net increase of €17 to €19 billion in the capital employed by the Group by end-2026. Given the type of ˱nancing used, this transaction should increase the Group’s net ˱nancial debt by €13 to €15 billion by end-2026.

(1) At the locked-box date, i.e. March 31, 2025.

[Page 469] NOTE 25 FEES PAID TO THE STATUTORY AUDITORS AND TO MEMBERS OF THEIR NETWORKS

The Shareholders’ Meeting of ENGIE SA of May 14, 2020 decided to renew the terms of of˱ce of Deloitte and EY as Statutory Auditors for a six-year period from 2020 to 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pursuant to Article 222-8 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF), the following table presents information on the fees paid by ENGIE SA, its fully consolidated subsidiaries and joint operations to each of the Auditors in charge of auditing the annual and consolidated ˱nancial statements of the ENGIE Group.

Deloitte EY

In millions of euros

Total Deloitte & Associés Network Total EY & others Network Total

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Statutory audit and review of consolidated and parent company ˱nancial statements 6.3 7.9 14.2 5.9 12.3 18.2 32.4

• ENGIE SA 3.2 - 3.2 3.0 - 3.0 6.2

• Controlled entities 3.0 7.9 10.9 2.9 12.3 15.2 26.1

Certi ˱cation of sustainability information 0.5 - 0.5 0.5 - 0.5 1.0

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ENGIE SA 0.5 - 0.5 0.5 - 0.5 1.0

• Controlled entities - - - - - - -

Missions and services other than certi ˱cation of ˱nancial statements and sustainability information 0.4 0.9 1.3 1.1 0.5 1.6 2.8

• ENGIE SA 0.3 - 0.3 0.9 - 0.9 1.1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Of which services related to legal and regulatory requirements - - - 0.4 - 0.4 0.4

Of which other audit services 0.2 - 0.2 0.5 - 0.5 0.7

Of which reviews of internal control - - - - - - -

Of which due diligence services - - - - - - -

Of which tax services - - - - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• Controlled entities 0.1 0.9 1.0 0.2 0.5 0.7 1.7

Of which services related to legal and regulatory requirements - 0.2 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.4

Of which other audit services 0.1 0.2 0.3 - 0.1 0.1 0.4

Of which reviews of internal control - - - 0.1 - 0.1 0.1

Of which due diligence services - - - - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Of which tax services - 0.6 0.6 - 0.2 0.2 0.8

TOTAL 7.1 8.8 15.9 7.4 12.8 20.2 36.1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 26 INFORMATION REGARDING LUXEMBOURG AND DUTCH COMPANIES EXEMPTED FROM THE REQUIREMENTS TO PUBLISH ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Some companies do not publish annual ˱nancial statements pursuant to domestic provisions under Luxembourg law (Article 70 of the Law of December 19, 2002) and Dutch law (Article 403 of the Civil Code) relating to the exemption from the requirement to publish audited annual ˱nancial statements.

The companies exempted are notably: ENGIE Energie Nederland NV, ENGIE Energie Nederland Holding BV, ENGIE Nederland Retail BV, ENGIE United Consumers Energie BV, ENGIE Treasury Management SARL and ENGIE Invest International SA.

[Page 470] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

6.3 STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

This is a free translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements of the Company issued in French and it is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This statutory auditors’ report includes information required by European regulations and French law, such as information about the appointment of the statutory auditors or the veri˱cation of the information concerning the Group presented in the management report. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing standards applicable in France.

Year ended December 31, 2025

To the Engie Shareholders’ Meeting,

Opinion

of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.

In compliance with the engagement entrusted to us by your Shareholders’ Meeting, we have audited the accompanying consolidated ˱nancial statements of Engie for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The audit opinion expressed above is consistent with our report to the Audit Committee.

In our opinion, the consolidated ˱nancial statements give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the ˱nancial position of the Group as at December 31, 2025 and

Basis for Opinion

Audit Framework

Independence

We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suf ˱cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

We conducted our audit engagement in compliance with the independence requirements of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) and the French Code of Ethics ( code de déontologie ) for Statutory Auditors, for the period from January 1, 2025 to the date of our report and speci ˱cally we did not provide any prohibited non-audit services referred to in Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014.

Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

Justi ˱cation of Assessments - Key Audit Matters

These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated ˱nancial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on speci˱c items of the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

In accordance with the requirements of Articles L. 821-53 and R. 821-180 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) relating to the justi ˱cation of our assessments, we inform you of the key audit matters relating to risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of most signi˱cance in our audit of the consolidated ˱nancial statements of the current period, as well as how we addressed those risks.

Measurement of the recoverable amount of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment

(Notes 1.3 “Use of estimates and judgment”, 9.1 “Impairment losses”, 13.1” Goodwill” and 13.4 “Impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and equity method entities” to the consolidated ˶nancial statements)

Key audit matter Our response

We:

• examined the de ˱nition of CGUs as well as the allocation of goodwill to the operating segments;

As at December 31, 2025, the net carrying amount of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment amounted to €86.5 billion (after recognition of net impairment losses of €0.8 billion in 2025), or 51.1% of total assets, and breaks down as follows:

• Goodwill: €13.1 billion;

• assessed the Group’s measures aimed at identifying indications of impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses as well as the procedures used by Management for approving the estimates;

• Intangible assets: €7.9 billion;

• Property, plant and equipment: €65.5 billion.

[Page 471] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

Key audit matter Our response

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• analyzed the data and key assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of assets, assessed the sensitivity of the measurements to these assumptions and veri ˱ed the calculations performed by your Group with the support of our valuation experts.

For each CGU which may present a speci˱c impairment loss risk, our work on values in use mainly covered:

To ensure that assets are recognized for a value that does not exceed their recoverable amount, your Group performs impairment tests in accordance with IAS 36 “Impairment of assets”. Goodwill impairment tests are performed annually at the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and, in the case of assets, at the level of Cash Generating Units (CGUs) as de ˱ned by your Group when there is an indication of impairment.

For assets which your Group intends to hold on a going concern basis, the recoverable amount corresponds, in most cases, to the value in use, determined based on:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the assumptions underlying the Group’s long-term reference scenario (trends in electricity and gas prices and demand, price of CO 2 , in ˳ation) for which we assessed the consistency with external studies carried out by international organizations or energy experts, particularly with regard to the climate and energy mix;

• cash ˳ow projections on the basis of the 2026 budget and 2027-2028 medium-term business plan approved by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors;

• the operational and regulatory assumptions used to prepare cash ˳ow forecasts for which we assessed the consistency of the assets’ operating conditions and their intrinsic performance as well as the applicable regulations to date and expected changes thereto;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• methods for determining cash ˳ow forecasts for which we assessed:

• the consistency of the baseline data with the budget, the medium-term business plan and, beyond, your Group’s reference scenario;

• the consistency with past performance and market outlook,

• beyond this timeframe, extrapolated future cash ˳ow projections determined on the basis of macroeconomic assumptions (in˳ation, exchange rates and growth rates) and price projections featured in your Group’s reference scenario, reviewed and validated by the Executive Committee and prepared by your Group for the period 2029-2050 based on fundamental supply and demand equilibrium models, the results of which can be considered mid-range between the International Energy Agency STEPS (Stated Energy Policies Scenario) and NZE (Net-Zero Scenario) scenarios or to approximate the ADEME scenario (“Green Technology”) in the case of France. The considered climate and energy mix assumptions mainly include:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the discount rates for which we examined the determination methods and the consistency with the underlying market assumptions, using internal valuation specialists;

• long-term CO 2 price projections in line with the targets of a 55% emissions reduction by 2030 and climate neutrality by 2050, set by the European Commission in the “European Green Deal” presented in December 2019 and July 2021;

• Management sensitivity analyses to the key price, operational and regulatory assumptions, for which we assessed the relevance.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For assets which your Group has decided to sell, we analyzed the highly probable nature of such sale, the items considered to assess the recoverable amount as well as the classi ˱cation process in accordance with IFRS 5, “Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations.”

• a medium and long-term electricity price trajectory covered in the report produced by your Group as part of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) initiative, which opted for a balanced mix including renewable gas as well as carbon dioxide capture and storage to guarantee an energy system with the best levels of ef ˱ciency and resilience.

Finally, we assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in Notes 1.3, 9.1 and 13.4 to the consolidated ˱nancial statements, notably on sensitivity analyses carried out by your Group.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The commitments undertaken speci˱cally by your Group with regard to climate-related issues, as set out in Note 1.3.3 to the consolidated ˱nancial statements, in particular the complete withdrawal from coal activities by 2027 according to the outlook speci˱c to each asset, are re˳ected in the values in use. These values are also based on key assumptions, presented in Note 13.4 to the consolidated ˱nancial statements, relating to the market outlook and changes in the regulatory environment, any modi˱cation in which could have a material impact on the values in use considered.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Finally, the recoverable amount of the non-strategic assets which your Group intends to sell is based on market value less costs of disposal.

We considered the measurement of the recoverable amount of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment to be a key audit matter due to:

• the relative weight of these items in your Group’s ˱nancial statements;

• the management judgment and estimates underlying these valuations and their sensitivity to assumptions and particularly sector-speci ˱c and regulatory assumptions,

• major transactions as part of the geographic and business refocusing of your Group.

For ˱scal year 2025, we considered the following scopes in particular:

• goodwill of the Gas Infrastructure operating segment, for which your Group has taken the following into account:

[Page 472] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

• through 2050, the retention of its gas infrastructure network or its conversion to enable the supply of green gases (biomethane, hydrogen, etc.) that will gradually replace natural gas

• the Multi-Year Energy Schedule (PPE3), Programmation Pluriannuelle de l’Energie (PPE3) adopted by decree on February 13, 2026, which introduces measures to reduce gas consumption and, in particular, a major objective to replace gas boilers with alternative energy solutions and particularly electricity. Your Group considers this objective to be unrealistic due to its economic sustainability for households and because of technical constraints that do not allow the installation of ef ˱cient electrical solutions or the connection to a heating network in almost half of dwellings. Therefore, your Group considers that the PPE3 does not call into question the energy mix scenario for 2050;

• cash ˳ow projections established using tariffs negotiated with the regulator (CRE) and terminal values corresponding to the expected value of the regulated asset base (RAB) for the valuation of its activities in France.

• goodwill of the Nuclear operating segment, in the context of the implementation of the so-called Phoenix law, for which your Group has taken the following into account:

• the ten-year extension beyond 2025 of the operation of the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 units only within a dedicated legal structure, equally owned by the Belgian State and your Group, according to an economic model based on a contract for difference mechanism;

• an assumed ten-year extension, of drawing rights for nuclear power plants in France.

• the US assets of the Renewables & Batteries and Local Energy Infrastructures RoW operating segments in light of regulatory changes introduced by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which provides for the planned phase-out of renewable energy subsidies. Your Group has analyzed the viability of projects currently under development.

[Page 473] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

Measurement of provisions relating to the back-end of the nuclear fuel cycle and the dismantling of nuclear facilities in Belgium

(Notes 1.3 “Use of estimates and judgment”, 17 “Provisions” and 17.2 “Obligations relating to nuclear facilities” to the consolidated ˶nancial statements)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Key audit matter Our response

On completion of the Phoenix agreement, we assessed the impact on nuclear provisions of the transfer to the Belgian State of obligations relating to the cost of managing spent fuel and nuclear waste in consideration for a lump-sum discharge payment of €15 billion 2022 . Our procedures primarily consisted in reviewing:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the distinction between the obligations transferred to the Belgian State in accordance with the Phoenix agreement and the obligations retained by your Group, as set out in the law implementing the agreement of April 26, 2024;

On March 14, 2025, Engie and the Belgian government completed the “Phoenix” transaction covering the ten-year extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear reactors and the transfer to the Belgian State of ˱nancial responsibility for managing nuclear waste and spent fuel in consideration for a lump-sum discharge payment of €15 billion 2022 . Following this agreement, your Group, as a nuclear operator, essentially retains responsibility for the on-site storage of spent fuel waste, the ˱nal shutdown of the reactors, their dismantling and the clean-up of the site, as well as for the conditioning of all waste.

• the recoverability of amounts receivable from Electrabel partners representing their share in the €15 billion 2022 lump‑sum discharge payment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In the context of the triennial review of nuclear provisions under the oversight of CPN, we examined the report submitted by SYNATOM to CPN, the conclusions, comments and recommendations set out in the opinion issued by ONDRAF, the letter sent by your Group to CPN rejecting ONDRAF’s conclusions, as well as the subsequent exchanges with CPN and ONDRAF, which remain ongoing as of today. Our procedures mainly consisted in assessing:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pursuant to the Belgian law of April 11, 2003, partially repealed and amended by the law of July 12, 2022 the management of the provisions corresponding to these obligations is assigned to SYNATOM, a company wholly-owned by your Group, which submits every three years a technical and ˱nancial report describing the core inputs used to measure these provisions to the Commission for Nuclear Provisions (CPN) for approval. The CPN relies, in particular, on the opinion issued by the National Agency for Radioactive Waste and Enriched Fissile Material ( Organisme National pour Déchets Radioactifs et des matières Fissiles enrichies – ONDRAF), which reviews all the technical characteristics and parameters of the report.

• the consistency of the cost forecasts by nature and the related payment schedules presented in the report submitted by SYNATOM with the available studies and price quotes and, for dismantling, with a study prepared by an independent expert ˱rm engaged by Engie;

• the nature and amount of the differences in assessments highlighted in ONDRAF’s opinion;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the process agreed between the Group, ONDRAF and CPN for continuing discussions on the cost parameters and the assumptions underlying the measurement of the provisions, as well as the indicative timetable envisaged by the parties;

In this context, on October 2, 2025, SYNATOM submitted a report to CPN for review. On December 23, 2025, CPN communicated in return a copy of the opinion it had received from ONDRAF, the conclusions of which your group formally rejected in a letter dated January 9, 2026. To date, discussions are ongoing with ONDRAF and CPN on the cost parameters and assumptions underlying the measurement of the provisions, in accordance with a process and timetable agreed between the parties, extending beyond the usual 120day period commencing the date of submission of the report by SYNATOM to CPN.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the bases on which the provisions relating to obligations retained by the Group were measured as of December 31, 2025, in the absence of an opinion from CPN relating to the ongoing triennial review issued within the usual 120‑day period.

Finally, we assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in Notes 1.3, 17 and 17.2 to the consolidated ˱nancial statements, including in respect of post-balance sheet events, as well as the sensitivity of provisions relating to the obligations retained by your group to changes in the key assumptions underlying their assessment.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As of December 31, 2025, in the absence of an opinion issued by CPN and in line with the previous triennial reviews, the nuclear provisions of €9.6 billion (€24.5 billion at December 31, 2024 before settlement of the lump-sum discharge payment) are estimated in accordance with the legal and contractual framework, based on the most recent assumptions reviewed and approved by CPN in its de ˱nitive opinion of July 7, 2023, following the last triennial review, supplemented by the opinion of June 24, 2024 on the measurement of the impact of extending operations at Doel 4 and Tihange 3.

We considered the measurement of these provisions to be a key audit matter due to their material amounts and their sensitivity to macroeconomic assumptions (in˳ation and discount rates), to changes in future costs under the responsibility of your group and to the level of contingency and risk margins integrated in the forecasts.

[Page 474] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

Revenue relating to sales of electricity and gas delivered but not metered and not invoiced (“energy in the meter”)

(Notes 1.3 “Use of estimates and judgment”, 7.1 “Revenue” and 7.2.1 “Trade receivables and other debtors, contract assets” to the consolidated ˶nancial statements)

Key audit matter Our response

The procedures conducted on the estimate of un-metered revenue delivered in France and Belgium mainly consisted in:

Your Group makes estimates and uses judgments for the recognition of sales of electricity and gas delivered but not metered and not invoiced (known as "energy in the meter").

• obtaining an understanding of the internal control procedures covering the billing process, and the processes securing the reliability of the accounting estimates for energy in the meter;

• assessing the relevance of the estimation models and reviewing the methods of calculating estimated energy volumes by including an algorithm specialist in our audit team;

• comparing the information on the volumes delivered and determined by the Group with the metering data provided by the grid operators;

The measurement of revenue relating to sales of electricity and gas for customers which are only metered during the course of the accounting period represents a material estimate at the year end. As the meter readings are sometimes communicated by grid operators several months after the actual delivery date, your Group is required to estimate the energy delivered but not metered at the year end. As of December 31, 2025, receivables relating to revenue in the meter (delivered gas and electricity that is unbilled and unmetered) totaled €4.8 billion for France and Belgium.

• verifying that the methods used to calculate the average price of the un-metered delivered power take account of its age in the meter and the different customer categories;

These receivables are determined using a method that takes into account an estimate of customers' consumption based on the previous bill, or the last metering not yet billed, in line with the volume of energy allocated by grid operators, using measurement and modeling tools developed by your Group.

• analyzing the consistency of the volumes committed in the employment operations (sales, injections and stocks) with energy resources (purchases, withdrawals and stock) on the networks;

• assessing the regular clearance of the metered energy during the year ended December 31, 2025;

The volumes are measured at the average energy price, taking into account the customer type and the age of the energy in the meter.

• assessing the age of the energy in the meter at the year end.

We also assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in Notes 1.3, 7.1 and 7.2.1 to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

Considering the amount of revenue at stake and the sensitivity of the estimates to assumptions regarding average energy volumes and prices, and the judgments exercised, we have considered the estimate of the portion of revenue realized but not metered and not invoiced to be a key audit matter.

Speci ˱c Veri˱cations

We have no matters to report as to its fair presentation and its consistency with the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

We have also performed, in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the speci ˱c veri˱cations required by laws and regulations of the information relating to the Group given in the Board of Directors’ management report.

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

Format of preparation of the consolidated ˱nancial statements intended to be included in the annual ˱nancial report

On the basis of our work, we conclude that the preparation of the consolidated ˱nancial statements intended to be included in the annual ˱nancial report complies, in all material respects, with the European single electronic format.

We have no responsibility to verify that the consolidated ˱nancial statements that will ultimately be included by your Company in the annual ˱nancial report ˱led with the AMF ( Autorité des marchés ˶nanciers ) agree with those on which we have performed our work.

We have also veri ˱ed, in accordance with the professional standard applicable in France relating to the procedures performed by statutory auditors regarding the annual and consolidated ˱nancial statements prepared in the European single electronic format, that the preparation of the consolidated ˱nancial statements intended to be included in the annual ˱nancial report mentioned in Article L. 451-1-2, I of the French Monetary and Financial Code ( code monétaire et ˶nancier ), prepared under the Chief Executive Of ˱cer’s responsibility, complies with the single electronic format de˱ned in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/815 of December 17, 2018. Regarding consolidated ˱nancial statements, our work includes verifying that the tagging thereof complies with the format de˱ned in the above-mentioned regulation.

[Page 475] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

Appointment of the Statutory Auditors

We were appointed as statutory auditors of Engie by your Shareholders’ Meeting held on July 16, 2008 for DELOITTE & ASSOCIES and on May 19, 2008 for ERNST & YOUNG et Autres.

As of December 31, 2025, we were both in the eighteenth year of uninterrupted engagement. ERNST & YOUNG Audit was previously statutory auditor between 1995 and 2007.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements

matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless it is expected to liquidate the Company or to cease operations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated ˱nancial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated ˱nancial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the ˱nancial reporting process and the effectiveness of internal control and risk management systems and where applicable, its internal audit, regarding the accounting and ˱nancial reporting procedures.

The consolidated ˱nancial statements were approved by the Board of Directors.

In preparing the consolidated ˱nancial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Objectives and audit approach

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• evaluates the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by Management in the consolidated ˱nancial statements;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Our role is to issue a report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements. Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated ˱nancial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to in˳uence the economic decisions of users made on the basis of these consolidated ˱nancial statements.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

As speci˱ed in Article L. 821-55 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ), our statutory audit does not include assurance on the viability of the Company or the quality of management of the affairs of the Company.

• assesses the appropriateness of Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signi ˱cant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. This assessment is based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of his audit report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. If the statutory auditor concludes that a material uncertainty exists, there is a requirement to draw attention in the audit report to the related disclosures in the consolidated ˱nancial statements or, if such disclosures are not provided or inadequate, to modify the opinion expressed therein;

As part of an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the statutory auditor exercises professional judgment throughout the audit and furthermore:

• evaluates the overall presentation of the consolidated ˱nancial statements and assesses whether these statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• identi ˱es and assesses the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated ˱nancial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designs and performs audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtains audit evidence considered to be suf˱cient and appropriate to provide a basis for his opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;

• obtains suf ˱cient appropriate audit evidence regarding the ˱nancial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated ˱nancial statements. The statutory auditor is responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the consolidated ˱nancial statements and for the opinion expressed on these consolidated ˱nancial statements.

• obtains an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control;

[Page 476] Statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

Report to the Audit Committee

We submit to the Audit Committee a report which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report signi ˱cant de˱ciencies, if any, in internal control regarding the accounting and ˱nancial reporting procedures that we have identi˱ed.

We also provide the Audit Committee with the declaration provided for in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014, con˱rming our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France as set out in particular in Articles L. 821‑27 to L. 821-34 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) and in the French Code of Ethics ( code de déontologie ) for Statutory Auditors. Where appropriate, we discuss with the Audit Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and the related safeguards.

Our report to the Audit Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of most signi˱cance in the audit of the consolidated ˱nancial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters that we are required to describe in this report.

Paris-La Défense, March 6, 2026

The Statutory Auditors

French original signed by

DELOITTE & ASSOCIES ERNST & YOUNG et Autres

Laurence Dubois Nadia Laadouli Sarah Kokot Guillaume Rouger

[Page 477] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

6.4 PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

6.4.1 Parent company ˱nancial statements

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Balance sheet

ASSETS

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Notes

Gross

Depreciation, amortization and impairment Net Net

Intangible assets 4 2,483 1,768 714 696

Property, plant and equipment 4 1,009 622 387 327

Financial ˱xed assets 5 - - - -

Equity investments 118,212 18,484 99,728 67,946

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 566 10 556 569

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS I 122,271 20,885 101,386 69,538

Inventories 6

Gas reserves 779 - 779 1,126

Environmental certi ˱cates 115 10 105 157

Other - 804

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Advances and downpayments given on orders 36 - 36 75

Receivables 7

Trade and other receivables 6,656 1,817 4,839 6,530

Other receivables:

Other operating receivables 1,060 - 1,060 1,029

Current accounts with subsidiaries 1,898 - 1,898 7,209

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other miscellaneous receivables 6,012 4 6,008 5,424

Prepaid expenses 184 - 184 201

Marketable securities 8 4,690 - 4,690 4,611

Forward ˱nancial instruments and tokens held 3,961 - 3,961 4,030

Cash and cash equivalents 1,561 - 1,561 1,674

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS II 26,953 1,831 25,122 32,870

Loan redemption premiums III 9 285 - 285 255

Unrealized foreign exchange losses and valuation differences IV 9 283 - 283 454

TOTAL ASSETS (I TO IV) 149,791 22,716 127,075 103,116

NB: Amounts in tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals or changes.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 478] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Equity

Share capital 10 2,435 2,435

Additional paid-in capital 21,019 21,025

Revaluation adjustments 37 38

Legal reserve 244 244

Other reserves - -

Retained earnings 821 (4)

Net income/(loss) 1,793 4,460

Interim dividend - -

Investment subsidies 11.2 19 21

Tax-driven provisions 11.2 1,168 1,153

Total shareholders’ equity I 27,537 29,371

Other equity II 1 1

Total equity I+II 27,538 29,372

Total provisions III 11.1 2,896 3,497

Borrowings 12 45,117 42,306

Amounts payable to equity investments 12 22,303 4,505

Forward ˱nancial instruments 3,788 4,317

Advances and downpayments received on orders 60 67

Trade and other payables 14,339 9,370

Tax and employee-related liabilities 1,232 2,352

Other liabilities 8,904 6,798

Deferred revenues 229 275

Total liabilities IV 95,972 69,990

Unrealized foreign exchange gains and valuation differences V 13 669 258

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (I TO V) 127,075 103,116

NB: Amounts in tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals or changes.

[Page 479] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Income statement

In millions of euros Notes Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Energy sales 29,454 35,708

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other production sold 5,623 5,097

Revenues 14.1 35,078 40,805

Production taken to inventory - -

Production for own use 12 11

Subsidies 691 1,128

Reversals of depreciation and amortization 464 636

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reversals of impairment and provisions 1,042 1,596

Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 29 -

Other revenue 734 353

Operating income 38,050 44,531

Energy purchases and change in reserves (26,259) (32,678)

Other purchases - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other purchases and external charges (8,193) (7,616)

Value added 3,598 4,236

Taxes and duties (103) (316)

Payroll and social security contributions 14.2 (545) (565)

Gross operating income 681 769

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Additions to depreciation, amortization and impairment 14.3 (1,314) (1,109)

Additions to provisions 14.3 (1,162) (1,049)

Carrying amount of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment sold (27) -

Other operating income and expenses (421) (431)

Operating expenses (38,023) (43,764)

Net operating income 27 766

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net ˱nancial income 15 1,322 654

Net recurring income 1,349 1,421

Net non-recurring income/(loss) 16 (15) 2,627

Income tax bene˱t 17.2 459 412

NET INCOME 1,793 4,460

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NB: Amounts in tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals or changes.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 480] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Cash ˳ow statement

In millions of euros 2025 2024

Cash ˳ow from operations 1 11,473 1,888

Change in inventories (1,203) (905)

Change in trade receivables (net of trade receivables with a credit balance) (1,056) (2,638)

Change in trade payables 1,556 1,255

Change in other items 738 1,386

Change in working capital requirements 2 35 (902)

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (1-2) = I 11,438 2,790

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 314 306

Financial ˱xed assets 43,739 2,061

Change in amounts payable on investments - -

Cash used in investing activities 1 44,053 2,367

Third-party contributions - -

Net proceeds from asset disposals 944 657

Decrease in ˱nancial ˱xed assets 8,228 -

Cash ˳ow from investing activities 2 9,171 657

CASH FLOW FROM IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES (1-2) = II 34,882 1,710

CASH FLOW AFTER OPERATING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES (I-II) = III (23,444) 1,080

Increase/decrease in capital 1 - -

Dividends and interim dividends paid to shareholders 2 (3,634) (3,504)

Bonds 2,724 6,277

Group borrowings 48,331 5,500

Shortand medium-term credit facilities and other borrowings 2,281 -

Financing raised on capital markets 3 53,337 11,777

Bonds and shortand medium-term credit facilities (32,267) (7,465)

Repayments and redemptions 4 (32,267) (7,465)

CASH FLOW FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES (1+2+3+4) = IV 17,435 808

CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (III+IV) = V (6,009) 1,888

(1) Cash ˸ow from operations in 2025 corresponds to net income (€1.8 billion) adjusted for non-cash items, mainly impairment losses on equity investments (€9.6 billion). NB: Amounts in tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. In certain cases, rounding may cause non-material discrepancies in the totals or changes.

[Page 481] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 1 Summary of signi ˱cant accounting policies 480

NOTE 13 Unrealized foreign exchange gains 506

NOTE 14 Net operating income/(loss) 506

NOTE 2 Impact of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06 modernizing French ˱nancial statements 486

NOTE 15 Net ˱nancial income 508

NOTE 3 Signi ˱cant events during the year 489

NOTE 16 Non-recurring items 508

NOTE 17 Tax position 509

NOTE 4 Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 489

NOTE 5 Financial ˱xed assets 491

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 18 Off-balance sheet commitments (excluding employee bene ˱t obligations) 510

NOTE 6 Inventories 495

NOTE 7 Receivables 497

NOTE 19 Pensions and other employee bene ˱t obligations 518

NOTE 8 Marketable securities 498

NOTE 20 Legal and anti-trust proceedings 523

NOTE 21 Information concerning related parties 523

NOTE 9 Loan redemption premiums and unrealized foreign exchange losses 498

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 10 Shareholders’ equity 498

NOTE 22 Compensation due to members of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee 524

NOTE 11 Provisions 500

NOTE 23 Subsequent events 524

NOTE 12 Borrowings and debt 502

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 482] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

statements along with a new de˱nition and presentation of non-recurring items, and eliminating expense transfers. The ANC Regulation also speci˱es the conditions of ˱rst-time application, allowing companies to present a column for prior‑year ˱gures in the new ˱nancial statement format, with reclassi˱cations where necessary.

Under French GAAP, a change in accounting regulations is quali˱ed as a change in accounting policies. The main impacts of applying this Regulation on ENGIE's ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2024 are detailed in Note 2.

The 2025 parent company ˱nancial statements have been drawn up in euros in compliance with the general principles prescribed by the French chart of accounts, as set out in Regulation No. 2022-06 issued by the French accounting standards-setter ( Autorité des Normes Comptables – ANC) on November 4, 2022, amending ANC Regulation No. 2014-03. The ˱nal ANC Regulation, approved by decree on December 26, 2023 and effective as of January 1, 2025, seeks essentially to modernize French ˱nancial statements by reducing ˱nancial statement models, introducing a new presentation of disclosures in the notes to ˱nancial

Use of estimates and judgment

The preparation of ˱nancial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions to determine the value of assets and liabilities and contingent assets and liabilities at the reporting date, as well as income and expenses reported during the period.

Changes in the fair value of any such instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognized in the balance sheet. A provision is booked for unrealized losses, valued based on homogeneous groups of ˱nancial instruments with an equivalent underlying asset or liability, whether they are traded over-the-counter or exchangetraded.

In the case of contracts that qualify for hedge accounting, gains or losses are taken to income symmetrically with the gain or loss on the hedged items.

Developments in the economic and ˱nancial environment, and also the geopolitical climate over the past few years, have prompted the Group to step up its risk oversight procedures, mainly in measuring ˱nancial instruments, and assessing counterparty and liquidity risk. The estimates used by the Group, among other things, to test for impairment and to measure provisions, also take into account this environment.

If the hedged item ceases to exist, the contract is unwound and any gains or losses taken to income.

ENGIE SA uses internal models representative of market practices to value ˱nancial derivative instruments that are not listed on ˱nancial markets.

Accounting estimates are made in a context that remains sensitive to energy market developments, therefore making it dif˱cult to apprehend mediumand short-term economic prospects. Particular attention has been paid to the consequences of ˳uctuations in the price of gas and electricity.

Option premiums are deferred and recognized in income over the life of the hedge. The premium or discount on forward currency transactions is recognized in income in the initial value of the hedged item;

• energy in the meter (see Note 7)

Due to uncertainties inherent to the estimation process, ENGIE SA regularly revises its estimates in light of currently available information. Final outcomes could differ from those estimates.

The key estimates used in preparing ENGIE SA’s ˱nancial statements relate mainly to:

• measurement of equity investments (see Note 5)

The amounts receivable in respect of delivered, unmetered and unbilled gas and electricity are calculated using mathematical models including estimated customer consumption and estimated selling prices. The amount of energy in the meter calculated at the closing date varies depending on the assumptions about volume and price (see section on "Other operating receivables below");

• measurement of provisions for contingencies and losses (see Note 11)

Provisions for contingencies and losses are estimated on the basis of various assumptions. A change in those assumptions could lead to a signi ˱cant adjustment to the amount of the provisions;

The recoverable amount of equity investments is based on estimates and assumptions, regarding in particular the expected market outlook and changes in the regulatory framework, which are used for the measurement of cash ˳ows, whose sensitivity varies depending on the activity, and the determination of the discount rate. Any changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of the recoverable amount and could result in the recognition of impairment losses or adjustments to impairment losses already recognized;

• fair value of ˱nancial instruments (see Note 18)

• measurement of off-balance sheet pension and other employee bene ˱t obligations (see Note 19)

Pension commitments are measured on the basis of actuarial assumptions. Any change in the assumptions used by ENGIE SA could have a signi ˱cant impact on the valuation of these commitments.

To determine the fair value of ˱nancial instruments that are not listed on an active market, ENGIE SA uses valuation techniques that are based on certain assumptions. Any change in these assumptions could have a signi˱cant impact on the resulting calculations.

Derivative ˱nancial instruments used by ENGIE SA to hedge and manage its currency, interest rate and commodity risk are disclosed in off-balance sheet commitments.

[Page 483] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Entity preparing the consolidated ˱nancial statements

ENGIE SA is the Group's parent company, and as such prepares the Group's consolidated ˱nancial statements. Its registered of˱ce is located at 67, rue Jules Ferry – 92250 La Garennes-Colombes (France), and is registered under no. 542 107 651 with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Registry. Copies of the consolidated ˱nancial statements can be obtained from the same address.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Intangible assets

Research costs are expensed in the year in which they are incurred.

This caption mainly comprises the purchase cost or production cost of software, amortized over its estimated useful life.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A useful life of between ˱ve and seven years is generally used to calculate software amortization.

Royalties from software used in a SaaS (Software as a Service) model are capitalized once they contribute to the creation of ˱xed assets and are amortized over their useful life. In other cases, they are expensed as and when the related services are rendered.

Other development costs are capitalized provided they meet speci˱c criteria, particularly as regards the pattern in which the intangible asset is expected to generate future economic bene˱ts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Property, plant and equipment

Borrowing costs incurred in ˱nancing an asset are recognized as an expense and amortized over the ˱nancing period.

All items of property, plant and equipment are carried at purchase cost or production cost, including ancillary expenses, with the exception of assets acquired prior to December 31, 1976, which are shown at their revalued amount at that date.

Components

Almost all items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

When the components of a given asset cannot be used separately, the overall asset is recognized. If one or more components have different useful lives at the outset, each component is recognized and depreciated separately.

Assets are depreciated over their useful lives, based on the period over which they are expected to be used. The useful lives for the main asset classes are as follows:

• buildings: 20 to 60 years;

• other: 3 to 15 years.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Financial ˱xed assets

Equity investments

Technical loss

The technical loss arising on a merger is allocated to the underlying assets, which, in this case, are equity investments.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Equity investments represent long-term investments providing ENGIE SA with control or signi ˱cant in˳uence over the issuer, or helping it to establish business relations with the issuer.

Newly-acquired equity investments are recognized at purchase price plus directly attributable external transaction fees.

The portion of the loss allocated to an underlying asset is written down if the value of the asset falls below its net book value plus the portion of the loss allocated to it. The writedown is ˱rst allocated to the portion of the loss.

In the event of a disposal, the portion of the loss relating to the assets sold is reversed through income.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Amounts receivable from equity investments

This caption consists of loans granted by ENGIE SA to equity investments.

Investments which ENGIE SA intends to hold on a long-term basis are written down if their value in use has fallen below their book value. Value in use is assessed by reference to (i) the intrinsic value, which corresponds to net assets plus unrealized gains, or (ii) the yield value, which corresponds to the average of the last 20 stock market prices of the year, or (iii) expected cash ˳ows, using the discounted cash ˳ow (DCF) or dividend discount model (DDM), taking into account any currency hedges.

They are recognized at face value. In line with the treatment adopted for equity investments, these amounts are written down if their value in use falls below their face amount.

Provisions for contingencies may be booked if the Company considers that the cost of its commitment exceeds the value of the assets held.

Investments which ENGIE SA has decided to sell are written down if their estimated sale price is lower than their book value. If sale negotiations are ongoing at the end of the reporting period, the book value of the investments is determined based on a best estimate.

[Page 484] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets

Liquidity agreement and treasury stock

Investments other than equity investments that ENGIE SA intends to hold on a long-term basis but which do not meet the de ˱nition of equity investments are mainly included under this caption.

ENGIE SA has signed a liquidity agreement with an investment service provider, whose role is to trade on the market on a daily basis and buy or sell ENGIE SA shares in order to ensure liquidity and an active market for the shares on the Paris and Brussels stock exchanges.

A write-down may be taken against other ˱nancial ˱xed assets in accordance with the criteria described above for equity investments.

The amounts paid to the investment services provider are included in “Other long-term investments”. An impairment loss is recognized against the shares when their average price for the month in which the accounts are closed is lower than their book value.

Inventories

Natural gas reserves

Capacity remuneration mechanism (CRM)

Gas injected into underground reservoirs is included in inventories. It is measured at average purchase cost including domestic and international freight costs upon entering the transportation network regardless of its source, and including any regasi ˱cation costs. Out˳ows are measured on a monthly basis using the weighted average unit cost method.

The capacity mechanism introduced by France’s “NOME” ( Nouvelle Organisation du Marché de l’Électricité ) law of December 7, 2010 came into effect on January 1, 2017 (Articles L.335-1 et seq . and R.335-1 et seq . of the French Energy Code). It aims to secure the supply of electricity in France on a sustainable basis, by ensuring a long-term balance between production and consumption.

For each calendar year:

An impairment loss is recognized when the net realizable value of inventories, representing the selling price less costs directly and indirectly attributable to distribution, is lower than weighted average cost.

• electricity suppliers have an obligation to hold capacity guarantees in an amount suf ˱cient to cover their customers’ peak-period consumption;

Energy savings certi ˱cates (ESC)

• capacity, production and curtailment operators commit to a certain level of availability during winter peak periods and in exchange receive capacity guarantees;

• capacity guarantees are traded on Epex Spot (auctions) or under over-the-counter contracts.

ENGIE SA applies the provisions of the French chart of accounts on the accounting treatment of ESC covered by the “energy savings” model. Energy sales generate energy savings obligations which are settled by procurement of the certi ˱cates, obtaining certi˱cates on the completion of energy-saving work, or paying to the French Treasury ( Trésor Public ) the ˱nes provided for in Article L.221-4 of the French Energy Code ( Code de l’Énergie ).

In accordance with the deliberation of the French energy regulator ( Commission de Régulation de l’Énergie – CRE) of February 28, 2019, as of delivery year 2020, the capacity difference reference price (PREC) is de ˱ned as the last auction price before the beginning of a given delivery year.

Energy savings certi ˱cates are accounted for as follows:

• inventory in ˳ows: certi˱cates obtained from the French State in exchange for qualifying energy savings expenditure are recorded at acquisition or production cost;

The Epex Spot capacity guarantee auction for delivery year 2026 took place on October 23, 2025. At the last auction on December 4, 2025 covering 2026, capacity guarantees were traded at a price of €98.6/MW for 2026.

• inventory out ˳ows: certi˱cates are derecognized using the weighted average cost method as and when energy sales generate energy savings obligations or upon disposal, gains or losses on which are recognized in operating income.

At the closing date, the net position is recognized in the ˱nancial statement as follows:

The current system of capacity guarantees purchased at auction by electricity suppliers expires at the end of 2026. To secure the supply of electricity to the French grid, a new capacity mechanism was introduced in Articles L.316-1 to L.316-13 of the French Energy Code, in line with European Commission directives. This mechanism was therefore added to the French Energy Code at the time of drafting the 2025 French Finance Law. It states that: “This mechanism takes the form of remuneration paid by the public transmission system operator to operators of generation, storage and curtailment capacities in return for their availability commitments.”

• an asset (inventories) is recognized when energy savings obligations are lower than energy savings. Inventories correspond to certi ˱cates that have been acquired, obtained or are in the process of being obtained, and that will cover future energy savings obligations. They will subsequently be consumed when energy sales are made, which generate energy savings obligations, or on disposal;

ENGIE SA markets curtailment offers that are inseparable from the supply of electricity to some customers and is also an obligee as an electricity provider.

In the absence of a speci˱c ANC Regulation on accounting for capacity certi˱cates, ENGIE SA applies the provisions of the French chart of accounts on operating inventories of energy savings certi˱cates – energy savings model.

• a liability is recognized when energy savings obligations are higher than energy savings and corresponds to the cost of measures required to settle the obligations related to energy sales made. The liability will subsequently be settled by procurement of certi ˱cates or incurring energy savings expenditure that qualify for certi˱cates.

[Page 485] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Operating receivables

This caption includes all receivables arising on the sale of goods, and other receivables arising in the ordinary course of operations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Energy delivered but unbilled

In 2025, only residual amounts from previous years (2021-2023) were recorded for the gas tariff shield, which expired after the ˱rst half of 2025. From January 1, 2025 to July 31, 2025, the domestic tax on natural gas – now the excise duty on natural gas for fuel use – was set at €17.16/ MWh. From August 1, 2025, the rate of VAT applied to gas subscriptions was raised to 20%, in line with European law. To compensate for this VAT hike, the domestic tax on natural gas was reduced to €15.43/MWh for fuel use from August 1, 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Tariff shield for electricity

Receivables also include unbilled revenues for energy delivered, regardless of whether or not the meters have been read. This caption concerns customers not billed monthly (mainly residential customers) and customers whose billing period is not aligned with the consumption period of a given month.

In 2022, the exceptional crisis in wholesale electricity prices prompted the French government to introduce a series of emergency measures to limit the increase in consumers’ electricity bills, including, in particular, a reduction in the domestic tax on end-use electricity and a block on increases to regulated electricity tariffs.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The amounts receivable in respect of delivered, unmetered and unbilled gas and electricity (“energy in the meter”) are calculated using a direct method taking into account estimated customer consumption based on the most recent customer bill or unbilled reading, in line with the allocation of the distribution grid manager over the same period, using measurement and modeling tools developed by the Group. They are measured at the average price of energy supplied, or on a meter-by‑meter basis at the price applicable to the contracts taken out by customers. When the average price is used, it takes account of the category of customer and the age of the delivered unbilled “energy in the meter”. The estimated portion of unbilled revenue at the reporting date is sensitive to the average price and volume assumptions used.

Since February 1, 2024, following the substantial drop in wholesale electricity prices, the tariff shield has been gradually scaled back, with a reassessment of the domestic tax on end-use electricity for standard tariffs over the period from February 1, 2024 to January 31, 2025 at €20.50/MWh for businesses, €21/MWh for households and similar, and €0.5/MWh for businesses whose activities are eligible for a reduced tariff.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

New electricity consumption assistance scheme

Customers (mainly residential customers) can opt to pay on a monthly basis. In this case, the Company recognizes a monthly advance and a bill is issued at the anniversary date of the contract giving rise to the payment (or refund) of any difference between the amount billed and the advance payments already received.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Unbilled revenues in respect of delivered unbilled natural gas are reduced by the amount of advances already collected by the Company from customers billed monthly.

Impairment of trade receivables

The tariff shield for electricity expired on February 1, 2025, prompting signi ˱cant changes: an average decrease of 15% in regulated electricity tariffs at that date due to lower supply costs, and an increase in the domestic tax on end-use electricity – now the excise duty on electricity – back to its pre-crisis level (€33.7/MWh for individuals, €26.23/MWh for small businesses and €22.5/MWh for very large companies over the period February 2025-July 2025). As of August 1, 2025, the domestic tax on end-use electricity rose to €29.98/MWh for households and €25.79/MWh for all businesses. VAT on subscriptions was also raised in line with consumer VAT to 20%.

Bad debt risk is analyzed on a case-by-case basis for the Company’s largest customers.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Receivables from other customers are written down using rates that increase in line with the age of the related receivables.

The potential bad debt risk arising on amounts receivable in respect of delivered unbilled energy is also taken into account.

“Tariff Shield” system

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Tariff shield for gas

Regulated access to historical nuclear energy ( Accès régulé à l’électricité nucléaire historique – ARENH) remained a cornerstone of regulated energy supply up to December 31, 2025, enabling suppliers (including alternative suppliers) to purchase a share of EDF's nuclear energy at a price of €42/MWh, up to a maximum of 100 TWh. The ARENH system expired on December 31, 2025 and was replaced by the new Universal Nuclear Levy ( Versement Nucléaire Universel – VNU) and a change in regulated electricity tariffs. From January 1, 2026, suppliers will have to obtain all their supplies from wholesale markets or via their own resources (generation, PPA, long‑term contracts) without an ARENH ˱xed price of €42/MWh to secure part of those supplies.

The exceptional crisis in wholesale natural gas prices prompted the French government to introduce a series of emergency measures, starting in 2022, to limit the increase in consumers’ gas bills: individual tariff shields for households with a direct supply contract, and collective shields to limit the increase in collective natural gas heating costs (social and private housing).

Given the fall in prices on the wholesale markets, the individual gas shield ended on July 1, 2023. As for the collective gas shield, the scheme was extended to 2024 for collective customers with contracts signed before June 30, 2023.

The Universal Nuclear Levy, introduced by Article 17 of the 2025 French Finance Law of February 14, 2025, is designed to protect all electricity consumers against market price rises while ensuring that EDF has the means to make the investments needed for the energy transition. Under this scheme, the French government deducts a portion of the actual revenues generated by EDF's historic nuclear power plants (tax), once these revenues exceed certain thresholds. The excess revenues levied are to be redistributed to consumers under terms to be de˱ned in future legislation.

[Page 486] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Other operating receivables

Other operating receivables include the current account with ENGIE Finance, as well as margin calls. Items for which there is a risk of non-collection are written down.

Marketable securities

Marketable securities are shown on the balance sheet at cost.

When the market value of securities at December 31 is lower than their book value, a write-down is recognized for the difference.

For listed securities, market value is determined based on the market price at the end of the reporting period.

Shareholders’ equity

Revaluation adjustments

Additional paid-in capital

External costs directly attributable to capital increases are deducted from additional paid-in capital. Other costs are expensed as incurred.

This caption results from the legal revaluation of nonamortizable assets not operated under concessions carried out in 1959 and 1976.

Merger premium

External expenses directly attributable to the merger between Gaz de France SA and SUEZ in 2008 are deducted from the merger premium.

Tax-driven provisions

Accelerated depreciation

Provision for price increases

Accelerated depreciation is recognized whenever an asset’s useful life (which is used in accounting for the depreciation of property, plant and equipment) differs from that used for tax purposes or when a different depreciation method is used.

The provision for price increases was introduced by Article 39-1-5 of the French Tax Code ( Code général des impôts ) to allow companies to temporarily deduct a portion of pro ˱ts used for inventory replenishment from their tax base in the event of sharp price increases.

Provisions for contingencies and losses

Provisions for employee bonus share awards

A provision is recognized when the Company has a legal or constructive obligation resulting from a past event which is expected to result in an out ˳ow of resources embodying economic bene˱ts that can be measured reliably.

The provision for employee bonus share awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The provision ultimately covers the disposal loss equal to the book value of treasury stock granted free of consideration to employees.

The provision represents the best estimate of the amount required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period.

Provisions for rehabilitating land on which former gas production plants were located

A provision for site rehabilitation and clean-up costs for former gas production plants is set aside in the books of ENGIE SA for the sites concerned. These provisions re ˳ect the best estimate of the future costs required to complete the rehabilitation work, based on experts’ current technical knowledge and regulatory requirements.

Movements in these provisions are shown under operating items.

[Page 487] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Pensions and other employee bene ˱t obligations

No provisions are set aside in liabilities for other commitments. These are disclosed in Note 18 on offbalance sheet commitments.

Companies belonging to the electricity and gas industries sector

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Basis of measurement and actuarial assumptions

ENGIE SA employees qualify for the disability, pension and death bene ˱ts available under the special plan for companies belonging to the electricity and gas industries sector (see Note 19).

Accounting treatment

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Bene ˱t obligations are measured using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the obligations of ENGIE SA is calculated by allocating vested bene˱ts to periods of service under the plan’s bene˱t formula. When an employee’s service in later years leads to a materially higher level of bene˱ts than in earlier years, the Group allocates the bene˱ts on a straight-line basis.

ENGIE SA recognizes provisions under liabilities for bene ˱ts granted to employees whose rights have already begun to vest (annuities for occupational accidents and illnesses, temporary incapacity or disability bene˱ts), or bene˱ts due during the employee’s working life (long-service awards and exceptional end-of-career vacation).

Future payments in respect of these bene˱ts are calculated based on assumptions as to salary increases, retirement age, mortality and employee turnover.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The rate used to discount future bene˱t payments is determined by reference to the yield on investment grade corporate bonds based on maturities consistent with the bene˱t obligation.

As part of the 2008 merger between SUEZ and Gaz de France with retroactive effect from January 1, 2008, provisions for pensions and other employee bene˱t obligations (pensions, retirement indemnities and healthcare) carried by SUEZ at December 31, 2007 were transferred to ENGIE SA.

No further amounts are set aside to these provisions in respect of newly vested employee rights or the unwinding of discounting adjustments on the provisions transferred within the scope of the merger. These provisions are written back in line with the settlement of the corresponding obligations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Borrowings and debt

Subordinated perpetual notes

Derivative instruments

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Subordinated perpetual notes issued by the Company in euros and foreign currencies are recognized in accordance with Opinion No. 28 issued by the French Association of Public Accountants ( Ordre des experts-comptables – OEC) in July 1994, i.e., taking into account their speci ˱c characteristics.

In accordance with the principles reaf ˱rmed by ANC Regulation No. 2015-05 whose application has been mandatory as of January 1, 2017, ˱nancial instruments used by ENGIE SA to hedge and manage its currency, interest rate and commodity risk are disclosed in off-balance sheet commitments.

Accordingly, they are classi˱ed as debt as their redemption period is not perpetual.

Unrealized gains on transactions that do not qualify for hedge accounting are not recognized. A provision is recognized for unrealized losses on these transactions, however.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Bond redemption premiums and issue costs

In the case of contracts that qualify for hedge accounting, gains or losses are taken to income symmetrically with the gain or loss on the hedged items.

Bond issue costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the instruments. These issue costs mainly consist of advertising expenses (for public issues) and fees due to ˱nancial intermediaries.

If the hedged item ceases to exist, the contract is unwound and any gains or losses taken to income.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE SA uses internal models representative of market practices to value ˱nancial derivative instruments that are not listed on ˱nancial markets.

Bonds carrying a redemption premium are recognized in liabilities for their total amount including redemption premiums. The matching entry for these premiums is recorded in assets under accruals, and amortized over the life of the bonds pro rata to interest.

Foreign currency transactions

Income and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at their equivalent value in euros at the transaction date.

Translation differences are taken to income when they arise on cash and cash equivalents, or to the balance sheet under unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses when they arise on receivables and payables. A provision is set aside for unrealized losses after taking account of any associated hedging instruments.

Foreign currency receivables, payables and cash and cash equivalents are converted at the exchange rate prevailing at the year-end.

[Page 488] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Income tax

The impacts of tax consolidation are recorded under the income tax expense of ENGIE SA, as parent company.

Since January 1, 1988, ENGIE SA has been part of the tax consolidation regime introduced by Article 68 of Law No. 87-1060 of December 30, 1987. ENGIE SA is head of a tax consolidation group within the meaning of Articles 223-A et seq . of the French Tax Code.

ENGIE SA also records a provision for any tax savings generated by subsidiaries’ tax losses. These savings initially bene ˱t ENGIE SA as parent company, and are recovered by the subsidiaries once they return to pro˱t (hence the provision booked).

The contribution of subsidiaries in the tax consolidation group to the Group’s income tax expense equals the amount of tax for which they would have been liable if they had not been members of the tax consolidation group.

NOTE 2 IMPACT OF ANC REGULATION NO. 2022-06 MODERNIZING FRENCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Balance sheet assets

Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Net Post-ANC 2022-06 Net Published Reclassi ˱cations

Intangible assets 696 696 -

Property, plant and equipment 327 327 -

Financial ˱xed assets -

Equity investments 67,946 67,946 -

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 569 569 -

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS I 69,538 69,538 -

Inventories

Gas reserves 1,126 1,126 -

Energy savings certi ˱cates 157 157 -

Other 804 804 -

Advances and downpayments given on orders 75 75 -

Receivables -

Trade and other receivables 6,530 6,530 -

Other receivables: -

Other operating receivables 1,029 1,029 -

Current accounts with subsidiaries 7,209 7,209 -

Other receivables 5,424 5,625 (201) (1)

Prepaid expenses 201 201 (1)

Marketable securities 4,611 4,611 -

Forward ˱nancial instruments and tokens held 4,030 - 4,030 (2)

Cash and cash equivalents 1,674 1,674 -

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS II 32,870 28,840 4,030

Loan redemption premiums III 255 - 255 (2)

Accruals IV 4,317 (4,317) (2)

Unrealized foreign exchange losses and valuation differences V 454 422 32 (2)

TOTAL ASSETS (I TO V) 103,116 103,116 -

(1) “Prepaid expenses” are now presented separately from “Other receivables”. (2) “Forward ˶nancial instruments”, “Loan redemption premiums” and “Unrealized foreign exchange losses and valuation differences” are presented separately from “Accruals”.

[Page 489] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Balance sheet equity and liabilities

Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Post-ANC 2022-06 Published Reclassi ˱cations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Share capital 2,435 2,435 -

Additional paid-in capital 21,025 21,025 -

Revaluation adjustments 38 38 -

Legal reserve 244 244 -

Other reserves - - -

Retained earnings (4) (4) -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net income/(loss) 4,460 4,460 -

Interim dividend - - -

Investment subsidies 21 - 21 (1)

Tax-driven provisions 1,153 - 1,153 (1)

Tax-driven provisions and investment subsidies - 1,174 (1,174) (1)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Total shareholders' equity I 29,371 29,371 -

Other equity II 1 1 -

Total equity I+II 29,372 29,372 -

Total provisions III 3,497 3,497 -

Borrowings 42,306 41,582 724 (2)

Amounts payable to equity investments 4,505 4,505 -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Current accounts with subsidiaries - 2,562 (2,562) (4)

Other - 692 (692) (2)

Forward ˱nancial instruments 4,317 - 4,317 (3)

Advances and downpayments received on orders 67 67 -

Trade and other payables 9,370 9,370 -

Tax and employee-related liabilities 2,352 2,352 -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other liabilities 6,798 4,542 2,256 (4)

Deferred revenues 275 - 275 (4)

Total liabilities IV 69,990 65,673 4,317

Accruals V - 4,317 (4,317) (3)

Unrealized foreign exchange gains and valuation differences VI 258 258 -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (I TO VI) 103,116 103,116 -

(1) “Investment subsidies” and “Tax-driven provisions” are now shown on two separate lines. (2) Borrowing accounts have been reclassi ˶ed from “Other” to “Borrowings”. (3) “Forward ˶nancial instruments” are presented separately from “Accruals”. (4) “Current accounts with subsidiaries” are now included in “Other liabilities” and “Deferred revenues” have been reclassi˶ed from “Other liabilities” to “Deferred revenues”.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 490] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Income statement

Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Post-ANC 2022-06 Published Reclassi ˱cations

Energy sales 35,708 35,708 ‐

Other production sold 5,097 5,097 ‐

Revenues 40,805 40,805 ‐

Production taken to inventory ‐ ‐ ‐

Production for own use 11 11 ‐

Subsidies 1,128 ‐ 1,128 (1)

Reversals of depreciation and amortization 636 ‐ 636 (2)

Reversals of impairment and provisions 1,596 ‐ 1,596 (2)

Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets ‐ ‐ ‐

Other revenue 353 ‐ 353 (3)

Operating income 44,531 40,817 3,714

Energy purchases and change in reserves (32,678) (32,678) ‐

Other purchases ‐

Other purchases and external charges (7,616) (7,616) ‐

Value added 4,236 522 3,714

Subsidies received ‐ 1,128 (1,128) (1)

Taxes and duties (316) (316) ‐

Payroll and social security contributions (565) (565) ‐

Gross operating income 4,483 769 3,714

Additions to depreciation, amortization and impairment (1,109) ‐ (1,109) (2)

Net additions to depreciation, amortization and impairment (472) 472 (2)

Additions to provisions (1,049) ‐ (1,049) (2)

Net additions to provisions 527 (527) (2)

Expense transfers 21 (21) (2)

Carrying amount of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment sold ‐ ‐ ‐

Other operating income and expenses (431) (78) (353) (3)

Operating expenses (43,764) (40,049) (3,715)

Net operating income 766 766 ‐

Net ˱nancial income 654 654 ‐

Net recurring income 1,421 1,421 ‐

Net non-recurring income 2,627 2,627 ‐

Income tax bene ˱t 412 412 ‐

NET INCOME 4,460 4,460 -

(1) “Subsidies” are now included in “Operating income”. (2) “Reversals of depreciation and amortization”, “Reversals of impairment and provisions”, “Additions to depreciation, amortization and impairment” and “Additions to provisions” are shown separately from “Net additions to provisions” while “Expense transfers” for 2024 is included in “Reversals of impairment and provisions”. (3) Detailed breakdown of other income and expenses, previously reported as other expenses.

[Page 491] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 3 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAR

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Closing of the agreement with the Belgian State on the 10-year extension of two reactors and on the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility for nuclear waste management to the Belgian State

• the transfer of ˱nancial responsibility to the Belgian State for managing nuclear waste and spent fuel in return for the payment of a lump-sum discharge amount of €15 billion, within the limit of a volumetric credit covering all nuclear waste produced by the Belgian power plants during their legal operating life, from commissioning to dismantling.

The closing of the transaction also involved the repurchase of Electrabel's equity investments in International Power (ENGIE UK) and ENGIE Invest International (EII) for €41.5 billion (net of uncalled share capital).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On March 14, 2025, ENGIE and the Belgian government completed the transaction covering the ten-year extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear reactors and the transfer of responsibility related to nuclear waste. This ˱nal step follows on from the European Commission’s approval on February 21, 2025.

The agreements signed with the Belgian State in 2023 (Phoenix Agreements) provided for:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the 10-year extension of the Doel 4 and Tihange 3 nuclear reactors as part of a 50/50 partnership between the Belgian State and the Group, contingent upon the implementation of a contract for difference protecting ENGIE against market risks; and

NOTE 4 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1 Gross values

Changes in the gross value of these assets can be analyzed as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Increases Decreases Reclassi ˱cations Dec. 31, 2025

Intangible assets 2,290 217 (25) 1 2,483

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Concessions, patents, licenses, trademarks, processes, IT solutions, rights and similar assets 1,658 - (25) 256 1,889

Other 365 - - (25) 340

Intangible assets in progress, advances and downpayments (1) 267 217 - (230) 254

Property, plant and equipment 976 104 (69) (1) 1,009

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Land 37 - (2) 2 38

Dismantling assets 3 3

Buildings 375 1 (42) 14 347

Plant and equipment 317 - (8) 9 318

General plant and equipment, and miscellaneous ˱xtures and ˱ttings 122 (6) 106 221

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other 39 - (4) 13 49

Property, plant and equipment in progress, advances and downpayments 83 103 (8) (146) 32

TOTAL 3,265 321 (94) - 3,491

(1) Intangible assets in progress essentially concern IT projects.

[Page 492] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

4.2 Depreciation, amortization and impairment

Changes in depreciation and amortization were as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Increases Decreases Dec. 31, 2025

Intangible assets 1,523 204 (16) 1,710

Concessions, patents, licenses, trademarks, processes, IT solutions, rights and similar assets 1,242 188 (15) 1,415

Development costs - -

Other 281 16 (1) 295

Property, plant and equipment 573 39 (51) 560

Land 2 1 3

Dismantling assets 3 3

Buildings 283 10 (38) 255

Plant and equipment 168 14 (4) 179

General plant and equipment, and miscellaneous ˱xtures and ˱ttings 93 10 (5) 98

Other 24 3 (4) 23

TOTAL 2,097 242 (68) 2,271

Changes in impairment were as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals Dec. 31, 2025

Intangible assets 70 - (13) 58

Property, plant and equipment 76 19 (33) 61

TOTAL 146 19 (46) 119

Movements in depreciation, amortization and impairment can be broken down as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025

Depreciation, amortization and impairment 218 225

Straight-line method 217 224

Declining-balance method 1 1

Depreciation of dismantling assets -

Exceptional amortization 19 13

Reversals - -

[Page 493] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

4.3 Net values

The net value of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment breaks down as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Net values

In millions of euros Gross values

Accumulated depreciation and amortization Impairment

Net value at Dec. 31, 2024

Net value at Dec. 31, 2025

Intangible assets 2,483 (1,710) (58) 714 696

Concessions, patents, licenses, trademarks, processes, IT solutions, rights and similar assets 1,889 (1,415) - 474 415

Other 340 (295) (58) (13) 14

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Intangible assets in progress (1) 254 - - 254 267

Property, plant and equipment 1,009 (561) (61) 387 327

Land 38 (3) (1) 34 34

Dismantling assets 3 (3) - - -

Buildings 347 (255) (60) 32 86

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Plant and equipment 318 (277) 42 55

General plant and equipment, and miscellaneous ˱xtures and ˱ttings 221 221 122

Other 50 (23) - 26 (54)

Property, plant and equipment in progress 32 - 32 83

TOTAL 3,492 (2,271) (119) 1,101 1,023

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) Intangible assets in progress essentially concern IT projects.

NOTE 5 FINANCIAL FIXED ASSETS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.1 Gross values

Changes in the gross value of these assets can be analyzed as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Increases Decreases Other Dec. 31, 2025

Equity investments 76,873 50,278 (8,927) (12) 118,212

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consolidated equity investments 76,542 49,712 (8,285) - 117,969

Consolidated equity investments – technical loss (1) 32 - - - 32

Non-consolidated equity investments 299 566 (642) (12) 211

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 579 1,109 (1,122) - 566

Other long-term investments 34 1 (13) - 22

Amounts receivable from equity investments 504 502 (503) - 503

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Loans 17 7 (8) - 16

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 24 599 (598) - 25

TOTAL 77,452 51,387 (10,049) (12) 118,778

(1) Technical loss arising on the 2008 merger of SUEZ with Gaz de France, mainly involving Electrabel shares.

Movements in treasury stock are detailed in Note 10.1. Equity investments and amounts receivable from these investments are detailed in Note 5.4.

[Page 494] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

• capital reduction carried out by Electrabel (€8,238 million);

The year-on-year change in equity investments at December 31, 2025 is essentially attributable to the following transactions:

• disposal of BE-NUC (€56 million), following the partial spin‑off of this business;

• disposal of ENGIE Rassembleurs d’Energies (€50 million);

• disposal of Dunkerque Terminal DA (€21 million);

• acquisition of ENGIE Invest International SA (€27,040 million, including €6,525 million in uncalled share capital) and acquisition of ENGIE UK (€21,006 million) as part of the closing of the Belgian nuclear transaction;

• liquidation of SI Finance (€14 million).

• acquisition of Electrabel shares (€211 million);

At December 31, 2025, “Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets” comprised:

• subscription to the capital increase carried out by ENGIE New Business (€762 million);

• loan from ENGIE Finance for €500 million;

• deposits paid (€15 million);

• subscription to the capital increase carried out by ENGIE Group Participations (€600 million);

• shares held under liquidity agreements (€10 million).

• subscription to the capital increase carried out by ENGIE New Ventures (€82 million);

5.2 Impairment

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals Other Dec. 31, 2025

Equity investments 8,927 9,642 (81) (3) 18,484

Consolidated equity investments 8,651 9,642 (37) - 18,255

Consolidated equity investments – technical loss (1) 32 - - - 32

Non-consolidated equity investments 243 - (44) (3) 197

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 10 1 (1) - 10

Other long-term investments - - - -

Amounts receivable from equity investments - - - -

Loans 10 1 (1) - 10

TOTAL 8,937 9,643 (82) (3) 18,494

(1) Technical loss arising on the 2008 merger of SUEZ with Gaz de France, mainly involving Electrabel shares.

The change in impairment mainly re ˳ects:

• for listed companies, the yield value, which corresponds to the average of the last twenty stock market prices of the year;

• additions to provisions for impairment against equity investments:

• ELECTRABEL (€6,868 million),

• ENGIE Energy Services International (€1,469 million),

• for other operating subsidiaries, value in use, which corresponds to the cash ˳ows or dividends (DCF or DDM model) expected to be generated by subsidiaries that directly or indirectly hold operating activities.

• ENGIE New Business (€701 million),

• COGAC (€328 million),

• ENGIE Energy Services (€191 million),

• ENGIE IT (€56 million),

• ENGIE Hydrogen International (€16 million),

In most cases, the recoverable amounts are determined by reference to a value in use that is calculated using cash ˳ow projections drawn up on the basis of the 2026 budget and the 2027-2028 medium-term business plan, as approved by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors, and on the basis of extrapolated cash ˳ows beyond that time frame.

• ENGIE New Ventures (€11 million);

• reversals of impairment provisions against equity investments:

• Gen ˱na (€37 million),

• ENGIE Rassembleurs d’Energies (€36 million),

• SI Finance (€7 million).

Cash ˳ow projections beyond the medium-term business plan period are determined on the basis of macroeconomic assumptions (in˳ation, exchange rates and growth rates), and price forecasts resulting from the Group’s reference scenario for 2029-2050 as revised and validated by the Group Executive Committee in September 2025. The forecasts and projections included in the reference scenario were determined on the basis of the following inputs:

The value in use of the equity investments used to calculate impairment is assessed by reference to:

• for private equity ˱rms, the intrinsic value, which corresponds to net assets plus unrealized gains;

• forward market prices over the liquidity period for fuel (coal, oil and gas), CO 2 and electricity on each market in a context of changing energy prices;

[Page 495] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• more speci ˱cally, mediumand long-term electricity prices were determined by the Group using electricity demand forecasting models, mediumand long-term forecasts of fuel and CO 2 prices, and expected trends in installed capacity and in the technology mix of the production assets within each power generation system. ENGIE has opted for a balanced mix, integrating renewable gas and carbon dioxide capture and storage in order to guarantee an energy system with the best levels of ef ˱ciency and resilience. This trajectory has been included in the Group’s report as part of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) initiative. The risk factors arising from climate and environmental issues are also detailed in the Group’s Universal Registration Document.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• beyond this period, mediumand long-term energy prices were determined by the Group based on macroeconomic assumptions and fundamental supply and demand equilibrium models, the results of which are regularly compared against forecasts prepared by external energy sector specialists. Long-term projections for CO 2 prices take into account the challenges of ensuring affordable electricity prices in Europe and the gradual reduction in demand for certi ˱cates from the energy sector, linked to the increasing share of renewable energies in the mix in the medium and long term. These projections are in line with the 2040 emissions reduction target of 90% set out in the December 2025 agreement between the Council Presidency and representatives of the European Parliament. Among the external scenarios, the Group’s scenario can be considered as intermediate between the STEPS (Stated Energy Policies Scenario) and NZE (Net Zero Emissions Scenario) scenarios of the International Energy Agency or similar to that of ADEME (“green technology”) in the case of France;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.3 Net values

Net values

In millions of euros Gross values Impairment

Net values at Dec. 31, 2024

Net values at Dec. 31, 2025

Equity investments 118,213 (18,484) 99,728 67,946

Consolidated equity investments 117,969 (18,255) 99,714 67,891

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consolidated equity investments – technical loss (1) 32 (32) ‐ ‐

Non-consolidated equity investments 211 (197) 14 56

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 566 (10) 556 569

Other long-term investments 22 ‐ 22 34

Amounts receivable from equity investments 503 ‐ 503 504

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Loans 16 (10) 6 7

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 25 ‐ 25 24

TOTAL 118,779 (18,495) 100,284 68,515

(1) Technical loss arising on the 2008 merger of SUEZ with Gaz de France, mainly involving Electrabel shares.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 496] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

5.4 Subsidiaries and investments

Some of the data in the table are unaudited.

In millions of euros

Dividends received in 2025 Year-end Gross Provisions

Net income/ (loss)

Sureties and endorsements Revenues

Book value of shares held Loans and advances granted

Name Share capital Other equity % capital held

A – DETAILED INFORMATION CONCERNING SUBSIDIARIES AND INVESTMENTS WHOSE GROSS VALUE EXCEEDS 1% OF ENGIE SA CAPITAL (I.E., €24,352,850)

1. Subsidiaries (more than 50%-owned by ENGIE SA)

Agua Provinciales De Santa Fe - (124) 64.19% 39 (39) - - - (40) - Dec. 23

COGAC 1,717 292 100.00% 3,430 (328) - - - 29 900 Dec. 25

Electrabel 5,780 8,866 100.00% 26,045 (11,139) - - 19,576 8,287 8,349 Dec. 25

ENGIE Alliance 100 9 64.00% 62 - (34) - - 9 - Dec. 25

ENGIE China INVEST COMPANY 43 (27) 100.00% 123 (106) - - - - - Dec. 25

ENGIE Energie Services 1,084 163 100.00% 3,318 (403) - - 2,952 22 - Dec. 25

ENGIE Energy Services INTERNATIONAL 3,496 1,322 100.00% 6,668 (2,720) - - - 341 - Dec. 25

ENGIE Finance 5,460 222 100.00% 5,567 - (1,009) - 1 96 30 Dec. 25

ENGIE Group Participations 4,572 528 100.00% 4,572 - - - 1 87 397 Dec. 25

ENGIE Hydrogen INTERNATIONAL 28 (5) 100.00% 28 (16) - - - - - Dec. 25

ENGIE Invest International 23,789 3,372 98.00% 27,040 - - - 16 1,126 750 Dec. 25

ENGIE IT 142 (71) 100.00% 538 (467) - - 655 (57) - Dec. 25

ENGIE Management COMPANY 30 (83) 100.00% 265 (265) - - 185 (26) - Dec. 25

ENGIE New Business 86 (25) 100.00% 1,223 (1,162) - - - (26) - Dec. 25

ENGIE New Ventures 68 (2) 100.00% 174 (74) - - - (3) - Dec. 25

ENGIE Renouvelables 507 352 100.00% 1,641 - - - 135 117 258 Dec. 25

ENGIE UK 3,271 9,185 100.00% 21,006 - - - 36 5,696 - Dec. 25

GENFINA 100 529 100.00% 2,627 (1,248) - - - 28 - Dec. 25

GRDF 1,836 1,839 100.00% 8,655 - - - 4,054 652 477 Dec. 25

NATRAN 640 4,023 60.85% 1,909 - - 288 2,112 396 180 Dec. 25

S.F.I.G 2 6 100.00% 94 (85) - - 1 2 - Dec. 25

Sopranor - 1 100.00% 245 (244) - - - - - Dec. 25

Storengy SAS 2,733 307 100.00% 2,733 - - - 80 258 286 Dec. 25

2. Equity investments (less than 50%-owned by ENGIE SA)

Aguas Argentinas - - 48.20% 145 (145) - - - - - Dec. 24

[Page 497] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

In millions of euros

Dividends received in 2023 Year-end Gross Provisions

Net income/ (loss)

Sureties and endorsements Revenues

Book value of shares held Loans and advances granted

Name Share capital Other equity % capital held

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

B – INFORMATION CONCERNING OTHER SUBSIDIARIES AND INVESTMENTS

1. Subsidiaries not included in section A

French companies 15 (6)

Foreign companies (data in local operating currency) 9 -

2. Equity investments not included in section A

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

French companies 1 -

Foreign companies (data in local operating currency) 3 -

3. Other long-term investments not included in section A

French companies 30 (7) -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Foreign companies (data in local operating currency)

TOTAL 118,203 (18,454) 11,626

NOTE 6 INVENTORIES

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Changes in the gross value of these assets can be analyzed as follows:

In millions of euros Gross values Dec. 31, 2024 Increases Decreases

Gross values Dec. 31, 2025

Natural gas (including butane/propane) 1,126 1,509 (1,856) 779

Energy savings certi ˱cates 157 1,883 (1,959) 81

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Biomethane production certi˱cates - 11 - 11

Carbon credits - 4 - 4

Capacity guarantees (1) 799 147 (944) 1

Raw materials and other supplies 10 10

Guarantees of origin 5 36 (32) 9

Advances and downpayments made on orders (2) 75 (39) 36

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 2,172 3,589 (4,792) 930

(1) Since 2025, obligations have been offset against capacity guarantees. (2) Advances and downpayments made on orders were analyzed in the note on receivables up to 2024, prior to the entry into force of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06.

Inventory impairment can be analyzed as follows:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals Dec. 31, 2025

Natural gas (including butane/propane) - - - -

Energy savings certi ˱cates - - - -

Capacity guarantees - - - -

Biomethane production certi ˱cates - - - -

Carbon credits - - - -

Raw materials and other supplies 10 - - 10

Guarantees of origin - - - -

Advances and downpayments made on orders (1) - -

TOTAL 10 - - 10

(1) Advances and downpayments made on orders were analyzed in the note on receivables up to 2024, prior to the entry into force of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06.

[Page 498] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

The net value of inventories breaks down as follows:

In millions of euros

Net value at Dec. 31, 2024

Gross value at Dec. 31, 2025 Impairment

Net value at Dec. 31, 2025

Natural gas (including butane/propane) 779 - 779 1,126

Energy savings certi ˱cates 81 - 81 157

Biomethane production certi ˱cates 11 - 11 -

Carbon credits 4 - 4 -

Capacity guarantees (1) 1 - 1 799

Raw materials and other supplies 10 (10) - -

Guarantees of origin 9 - 9 5

Advances and downpayments made on orders (2) 36 - 36 75

TOTAL 930 (10) 920 2,162

(1) Since 2025, obligations have been offset against capacity guarantees. (2) Advances and downpayments made on orders were analyzed in the note on receivables up to 2024, prior to the entry into force of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06.

6.1 Natural gas reserves

Gas reserves at end-December 2025 were €347 million lower than at end-December 2024, mainly due to a fall in both average prices and inventory quantities between December 2024 and December 2025.

6.2 Energy savings certi ˱cates

• rounded out by Decree No. 2022-1368 of October 27, 2022, which increased ESC obligations for 2023 to 2025 by 25%, i.e., 200 TWh of cumac for the “traditional” obligation and 400 TWh of cumac for the “fuel poverty” obligation:

Energy Savings Certi ˱cates require certain suppliers of energy to meet energy savings targets imposed upon them by public authorities. The level of obligation is de˱ned by savings obligation period and allocated between energy types. The suppliers concerned ful˱ll their obligation by obtaining Energy Savings Certi˱cates equivalent to the number of TWh of cumac that must be saved.

• increase in “traditional” energy savings obligations coef ˱cients provided for under Article R.221-4 of the French Energy Code,

The ˱fth energy savings period, which runs from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2025, has seen several regulatory changes:

• increase in the “fuel poverty” energy savings obligations coef ˱cients provided for under Article R.221-4-1 of the same Code.

• Decree No. 2021-712 of June 3, 2021, which:

The overall target for the ˱fth period is 3,100 TWh cumac, compared with 2,133 TWh cumac for the fourth period.

• introduced a gradual change in the thresholds for electricity and gas over the period to extend the obligation to more suppliers and avoid a distortion due to competition between suppliers,

Pursuant to Decree No. 2022-1368, ENGIE SA’s annual “traditional” Energy Savings Certi˱cate (ESC) obligation is determined by applying the following coef˱cients to its sales:

• 0.485 kWh cumac/kWh sold for natural gas since 2023 and for subsequent years (compared with 0.422 kWh cumac/kWh sold in 2022);

• set an initial overall target for the ˱fth period of 2,500 TWh, i.e., 1,770 TWh of cumac for the “traditional” obligation, and 730 TWh of cumac for the “fuel poverty” obligation, an increase of 37%,

• refocused the “fuel poverty” ESC obligation on the most vulnerable households,

• 0.478 kWh cumac/kWh sold for electricity since 2023 and for subsequent years (compared with 0.416 kWh cumac/kWh sold in 2022).

In addition to the “traditional” obligation, the “fuel poverty” obligation is calculated by applying a proportionality coef ˱cient to the “traditional” obligation, equal to 0.620 since 2023 and for subsequent years (compared with 0.412 in 2022).

• changed the calculation of the obligation amount for each type of energy (Articles R.221-4 and R.221-4-1 of the French Energy Code): the amount of obligations expressed in discounted cumulative KWh is divided by the volume of energy sold or released for consumption;

[Page 499] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

6.3 Capacity remuneration mechanism

Capacity obligations depend on electricity sales volumes.

From 2025 onwards, obligations have been offset against capacity guarantees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.4 Carbon credits

ENGIE SA is funding the SPRUCE project to meet the Group's Net Zero Carbon commitments.

This project is certi ˱ed by the UK government and contributes to the overall aim of reforesting the UK (Woodland Carbon Code – WCC). It involves planting 1,100 hectares for 200,000 carbon credits, comprising 25 sub-projects.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.5 Biomethane production certi ˱cates

As of January 1, 2026, France will introduce a new scheme supporting biomethane production featuring biomethane production certi ˱cates ( Certi ˶cats de Production de Biométhane – CPB).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 7 RECEIVABLES

7.1 Maturity of receivables

Due

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

End-2026 Between 2027 and 2030 2031 and beyond

Gross amount at Dec. 31, 2025

Financial ˱xed assets 566 503 - 63

Amounts receivable from equity investments 503 503 - -

Loans 17 - - 17

Liquidity agreements - - - -

Other ˱nancial ˱xed assets 46 - - 46

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Receivables 15,810 13,899 1,872 39

Trade and other receivables (1) 6,656 4,817 1,839 -

Other receivables:

Current accounts with subsidiaries 1,898 1,898 - -

Other operating receivables (2) 1,060 1,060 - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other miscellaneous receivables 6,012 5,940 33 39

Prepaid expenses 184 184 - -

TOTAL 16,376 14,402 1,872 102

(1) Sales of energy in the meter net of advances from customers billed on a monthly basis totaled €1,349 million including tax at December 31, 2025 (€1,541 million at December 31, 2024). (2) €22 million in subsidies receivable in respect of compensation for public service charges arising from the price freeze on electricity sales.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

7.2 Impairment of receivables

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals Other Dec. 31, 2025

Financial ˱xed assets:

Amounts receivable from equity investments - - - - -

Loans 10 - - - 10

Receivables:

Trade and other receivables 1,182 1,053 (418) - 1,817

Other miscellaneous receivables 4 1 (1) - 4

TOTAL 1,196 1,054 (419) - 1,831

[Page 500] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 8 MARKETABLE SECURITIES

In millions of euros

Net value at Dec. 31, 2024

Gross values Dec. 31, 2025 Impairment Dec. 31, 2025 Net value at Dec. 31, 2025

Treasury stock 48 - 48 122

Money-market funds 3,284 3,284 2,957

Term deposits 1,359 - 1,359 1,532

TOTAL MARKETABLE SECURITIES 4,690 - 4,690 4,611

The value of treasury shares at December 31, 2025 was €48 million and no impairment provisions were recognized, as all the treasury shares held are allocated to a plan.

delivery. Impairment provisions are recognized in liabilities for an amount corresponding to the expense deferral over the vesting period (see Note 11.1.2).

UCITS recorded in assets for a net value of €3,284 million had a market value of €3,351 million at December 31, 2025.

These shares are measured at their price on the date of the Board of Directors’ decision to set up the plan to which they are allocated, and are held at their carrying amount until

NOTE 9 LOAN REDEMPTION PREMIUMS AND UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXCHANGE LOSSES

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Increases Decreases Dec. 31, 2025

Loan redemption premiums 194 48 (25) 216

Deferred loan issuance costs 61 20 (12) 69

TOTAL LOAN REDEMPTION PREMIUMS 255 68 (37) 285

TOTAL UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXCHANGE LOSSES AND VALUATION DIFFERENCES 454 44 (215) 283

Loan redemption premiums

Loan redemption premiums include issue premiums and costs to be amortized on ENGIE SA bonds.

Unrealized foreign exchange losses

Unrealized foreign exchange losses arise upon the translation at the year-end exchange rate of payables and receivables denominated in a currency other than the euro and upon the currency portion of derivatives hedging debt denominated in foreign currencies and/or commodity purchases and sales.

NOTE 10 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

10.1 Share capital – shares issued and outstanding

The share capital is fully paid up. Each €1 share carries a single voting right.

Share capital

Shares comprising the share capital at January 1, 2025 2,435,285,011

Total number of shares comprising the share capital 2,435,285,011

At December 31, 2025, ENGIE SA held 3,347,486 shares in connection with bonus share awards (see Note 10.3).

During the year, a total of 30,610,328 shares were purchased and 30,610,328 shares were sold under the liquidity agreement, generating a net capital gain of €299,286.54. At December 31, 2025, ENGIE SA no longer held any treasury shares under the liquidity agreement.

[Page 501] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

10.2 Change in shareholders' equity

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 29,371

2024 dividends paid (3,634)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Tax-driven provisions – Investment subsidies 14

Link 2025 (6)

Net income 1,793

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AT DECEMBER 31, 2025 27,537

In 2025, ENGIE SA paid:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a loyalty dividend of €0.148 per share, representing a total payout of €37.65 million.

• a dividend of €1.48 per share in respect of 2024, representing a total amount of €3,596.70 million, less the treasury shares held at the dividend payment date (€7.52 million);

10.3 Employee bonus share awards and stock option plans

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Bonus share policy and stock option policy

Based on all existing share plans, the number of bene ˱ciaries and staff turnover assumptions, at December 31, 2025 ENGIE SA considered that it had an obligation to deliver 16,226,144 shares.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Bonus share awards are intended to involve all employees more closely in the Group’s growth and performance. They are awarded to employees upon a decision of the Board of Directors, in accordance with decisions taken by the Shareholders’ Meeting, subject to a minimum seniority of two years and a number of performance conditions.

In view of the shares delivered in 2025, the Company holds 3,347,486 shares to cover ENGIE SA’s bonus share obligations at December 31, 2025, representing a total amount of €48 million net of provisions. The market value was €75 million at December 31, 2025.

In 2025, ENGIE SA awarded 5,034,767 bonus shares to certain ENGIE Group employees.

In 2025, ENGIE SA delivered 4,361,137 shares to Group employees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Expense

(in millions of euros)

Number of shares awarded

Details of bonus share and stock option plans in force

Number of shares delivered Per share value

2025 2024

BONUS SHARES AWARDED

ENGIE Plan of December 17, 2019 1.75

ENGIE Plan of February 26, 2020

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Plan of December 17, 2020 177,793 145,000 12.670 2.15 51.90

ENGIE Plan of February 25, 2021 1.62

ENGIE Plan of December 16, 2021 4,640,229 3,628,842 13.000 47.90 (16.65)

ENGIE Plan of February 14, 2022 204,579 193,020 14.298 2.74 1.76

ENGIE Plan of April 20, 2022 120,000 108,000 12.078 1.35 (0.50)

ENGIE Plan of December 8, 2022 4,372,289 3,000 14.292 (19.51) (18.33)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Link Abondement Plan of December 22, 2022 228,935 42 13.614 (0.62) (0.63)

ENGIE Plan of February 20, 2023 676,341 280,583 14.250 1.70 (3.46)

ENGIE Plan of April 30, 2024 5,478,644 2,650 16.270 (31.41) (18.22)

ENGIE Plan of April 30, 2025 5,034,767 - 16.520 (25.32)

TOTAL 20,933,576 4,361,137 (21.04) (0.76)

[Page 502] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 11 PROVISIONS

11.1 Provisions for contingencies and losses

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals (used provisions) Reversals (surplus provisions) Dec. 31, 2025

Provisions for site rehabilitation (Note 11.1.1) 262 72 (7) - 327

Provisions relating to employees (Note 11.1.2) 205 85 (56) (9) 224

Provisions for taxes (Note 11.1.3) 24 21 45

Provisions for tax consolidation (Note 11.1.4) 938 134 (70) (39) 963

Vendor warranties 34 - (3) - 31

Risks arising on subsidiaries (Note 11.1.5) 702 27 (676) - 53

Other provisions for contingencies and losses (Note 11.1.5) 1,331 1,381 (1,459) - 1,253

TOTAL 3,496 1,720 (2,271) (48) 2,896

11.1.1 Provisions for site rehabilitation

Provisions for site rehabilitation totaled €327 million at December 31, 2025 versus €262 million at end-2024, broken down as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals (used provisions) Matching entry to dismantling assets Dec. 31, 2025

Provisions for site rehabilitation 255 72 (7) - 320

Provisions for site rehabilitation 5 - - - 5

Provisions for installation refurbishment 2 - - 2

TOTAL 262 72 (7) - 327

11.1.2 Provisions relating to employees

Provisions for employee bene ˱ts

The €327 million provision for site rehabilitation at December 31, 2025 covers the costs of rehabilitating sites where former gas production plants were located for an amount of €325 million as well as installation refurbishment costs related to the approval of a research project for €2 million.

At December 31, 2025, pension obligations amounted to €3 million. Pension obligations are covered by insurance funds.

It is broken down as follows:

Other post-employment bene ˱ts amounted to €10 million.

• soil decontamination at TerraNova production plants for €246 million;

• soil decontamination at former NextGEN gas production plants held for sale for €37 million;

Provisions have been set aside for the full amount of disability bene˱ts, allowances for occupational accidents, illnesses of active employees at year-end, long-service awards and asbestos, representing a total amount of €66 million.

• litigation at former gas production plants for €30 million;

• installation refurbishment for €2 million;

These provisions represented a total amount of €79 million at December 31, 2025. Note 18.4 analyzes changes in these provisions in the periods presented.

• site rehabilitation of gas production plants held for sale for €5 million;

• provision for the clawback clause for €6 million.

The full amount of end-of-career indemnities is partially covered by insurance funds; the shortfall amounted to €15 million at December 31, 2025.

[Page 503] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Provisions for employee bonus share awards

consolidation with respect to GRDF for a de˱nitive amount of €1,938 million, based on the amortizable component. In 2025, the Company wrote back an amount of €41 million (€50 million in 2024), corresponding to the neutralization of the excess amortization on the amortizable component arising in the year.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, provisions for employee bonus share awards amounted to €142 million, compared to €121 million at December 31, 2024. The provision for employer contributions related to the bonus share awards amounted to €2 million (end-2024: €1 million).

Provisions for tax consolidation amounted to €963 million at end-2025, including €182 million relating to the amortizable component of GRDF’s intangible assets.

In 2025, ENGIE SA set aside a further €79 million to this provision to cover rights vested by employees. It also wrote back €58 million of the provision following the expiration of certain bonus share plans.

11.1.5 Other provisions for contingencies and losses

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In addition to presence in the Group at the vesting date, eligibility for certain bonus share and performance share plans is subject to an internal performance condition. When this condition is not fully met, the number of bonus shares granted to employees is reduced in accordance with the plans’ regulations.

Other provisions for contingencies and losses mainly include provisions for contingencies arising on other third parties, provisions for commercial litigation and claims, and provisions for currency and interest rate risk.

11.1.3 Provisions for taxes

Provisions for other contingencies and losses totaled €1,253 million at December 31, 2025, versus €1,331 million in 2024, and include the following amounts:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE SA has set aside several tax risk provisions to cover various tax audits performed by the tax authorities.

• €659 million relating to onerous contracts:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The provision for income taxes amounted to €26 million at December 31, 2025 (end-2024: €21 million). It is chie ˳y related to the transfer price of LNG, amounting to €21 million. The Company was served a tax reassessment by the tax authorities in respect of corporate income tax for the ˱scal years audited (2019 to 2022) amounting to €5 million. A new provision was therefore recorded for this amount at December 31, 2025.

• €239 million for long-term gas supply contracts, transmission and storage capacity contracts and an electricity swap contract that meet the accounting de ˱nition of onerous contracts. These contracts are no longer required for the Group’s industrial needs and the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contracts exceed the expected future economic bene˱ts,

• €359 million for the CCTG Cartagena tolling contract (Spain) signed in 2011 and valid until 2028, which is considered as structurally and sustainably onerous given conditions in the Spanish electricity market,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• €61 million related to two real estate contracts which have also met the criteria for onerous contracts since 2020;

In connection with the sale of the Equans companies to Bouygues on October 22, 2022, and under the exit agreement signed with the French Equans companies that were formerly members of the tax group, ENGIE SA is fully liable for the reassessments noti˱ed by the tax authorities to the said companies. A provision for tax risks had been recognized at December 31, 2024 for €2.9 million. This provision was increased by €3 million in 2025, and therefore amounted to €6 million at the end of that year.

• €322 million for other risks, mainly comprising the provision for negative fair value adjustments to commodities (€312 million);

A provision for income tax related to ENGIE Digital was also set aside in the amount of €13 million.

• €12 million for interest rate risks;

• €42 million for litigation;

11.1.4 Provisions for tax consolidation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• €98 million for restructuring costs, of which €65 million for the provision related to reorganization project and €9 million for the T2 provision;

• €53 million in foreign exchange losses;

• €52 million for employee disputes;

ENGIE SA has chosen to ˱le consolidated tax returns. As a result, it sets aside a provision re˳ecting its obligation to transfer back to subsidiaries any tax losses utilized. In 2025, ENGIE SA recognized an addition of €134 million and a reversal of €68 million, bringing the total provision to €781 million at the year-end.

• €12 million for tax reassessments;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• €3 million for miscellaneous expenses, most of which concern the customer commitment provision.

The provision for subsidiaries’ risks amounted to €53 million at December 31, 2025, compared with €702 million at December 31, 2024, mainly due to the reversal of the ENGIE New Business provision (with no impact on net income given the impairment recognized in 2025).

At December 31, 2007, GRDF was part of the tax consolidation group and the capital gain on the disposal of the gas distribution activity therefore had no tax impact. Since 2008, GRDF’s statutory ˱nancial statements show tax savings relating to the amortizable component of the capital gain arising on the disposal. This excess amortization is canceled out at the level of the tax consolidation group. In accordance with the tax consolidation agreements signed with its subsidiaries, ENGIE SA recognized a provision for tax

[Page 504] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

11.2 Tax-driven provisions and investment subsidies

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Additions Reversals Transfer Dec. 31, 2025

Tax-driven provisions 1,153 562 (546) - 1,169

Accelerated depreciation 697 562 (546) - 713

Provision for price increases 456 - 456

Provision for investments - - -

Investment subsidies 21 (2) - 19

TOTAL 1,174 562 (548) - 1,188

NOTE 12 BORROWINGS AND DEBT

12.1 Summary of borrowings and debt

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Borrowings

Hybrid bonds 4,390 4,038

Other bonds 31,842 31,560

Borrowings and debt with credit institutions 2,520 986

Miscellaneous borrowings and debt

Other (commercial paper, etc.) 5,706 5,002

Amounts payable to equity investments 22,235 4,500

Deposits received from customers 35 46

Deposits received on derivatives - -

Current portion of interest due 656 650

Bank overdrafts 33 24

Miscellaneous 2 3

TOTAL 67,420 46,810

The €20,610 million increase in borrowings and debt is mainly due to:

• a €17,735 million increase in the Group's borrowings, mainly to ˱nance the restructuring of ENGIE UK and ENGIE Invest International equity investments, previously held by Electrabel, as part of the closing of the Belgian nuclear transaction.

• a €282 million increase in bonds (corresponding to €1,724 million in new issues for 2025 offset by bond maturities for €1,023 million);

• a €352 million increase in convertible bonds (corresponding to €1,000 million in new issues for 2025 offset by bond maturities for €648 million);

Current accounts relating to subsidiaries and tax consolidation were an integral part of borrowings and debt at end‑December 2024 and have since been reclassi˱ed as other liabilities (see Note 2) pursuant to ANC Regulation No. 2022-06, which came into force on January 1, 2025.

• a €1,540 million increase in other borrowings and debt (corresponding to €1,834 million in new issues for 2025 offset by bond maturities for €276 million);

• a €699 million increase in commercial paper, due to a €1,349 million increase in United States Commercial Paper (USCP) outstanding, offset by a €645 million decrease in Negotiable European Commercial Paper (NEU CP) outstanding;

[Page 505] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

12.2 Maturities of borrowings, debt and payables

Due

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

End-2026 Between 2027 and 2030 2031 and beyond

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025

Borrowings and debt 67,420 23,748 15,933 27,739

Hybrid bonds 4,390 - 1,650 2,740

Bonds 31,842 2,596 10,815 18,431

Other loans 8,227 5,758 898 1,571

Amounts payable to equity investments 22,235 14,668 2,570 4,997

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Current accounts with subsidiaries - - - -

Other borrowings and debt 726 726 - -

Trade and other payables 14,339 14,339 - -

Tax and employee-related liabilities 1,232 1,232 - -

Other liabilities 8,904 8,904 - -

Advances from customers 1,430 1,430 - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other 4,484 4,484 - -

Advances and downpayments received on orders 60 60 - -

TOTAL 91,955 48,283 15,933 27,739

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

12.2.1 Breakdown of hybrid bonds

Dec. 31, 2025 Issue date Interest repricing date Interest Listing

PUBLIC ISSUES

In millions of euros 850 11/2020 11/2028 1.500% Paris

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros 705 07/2021 07/2031 1.875% Paris

In millions of euros 800 06/2024 03/2030 4.750% Paris

In millions of euros 1,035 06/2024 03/2033 5.125% Paris

In millions of euros 500 10/2025 01/2032 4.000% Paris

In millions of euros 500 10/2025 01/2035 4.5% Paris

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

12.2.2 Breakdown of bonds

Dec. 31, 2025 Issue date Maturity date Interest Listing

PUBLIC ISSUES

In millions of pounds sterling 500 10/2008 10/2028 7.000% Luxembourg

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of pounds sterling 1,100 10/2010 10/2060 5.000% Paris

In millions of euros 300 03/2011 03/2111 5.950% Paris

In millions of euros 1,246 05/2014 05/2026 2.375% Paris

In millions of euros 750 03/2015 03/2026 1.000% Paris

In millions of euros 500 03/2015 03/2035 1.500% Paris

In millions of euros 800 03/2017 03/2028 1.500% Paris

In millions of euros 750 09/2017 02/2029 1.375% Paris

In millions of euros 850 09/2017 09/2037 2.000% Paris

In millions of euros 100 10/2017 09/2037 2.000% Paris

In millions of euros 750 06/2018 06/2028 1.375% Paris

In millions of euros 500 09/2018 09/2033 1.875% Paris

In millions of euros 750 06/2019 06/2027 0.375% Paris

[Page 506] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Dec. 31, 2025 Issue date Maturity date Interest Listing

In millions of euros 750 06/2019 06/2039 1.375% Paris

In millions of euros 627 09/2019 03/2027 0.000% Paris

In millions of euros 1,000 10/2019 10/2030 0.500% Paris

In millions of euros 600 10/2019 10/2041 1.250% Paris

In millions of euros 750 03/2020 03/2028 1.750% Paris

In millions of euros 750 03/2020 03/2032 2.125% Paris

In millions of euros 575 06/2020 06/2027 0.375% Paris

In millions of euros 750 10/2021 10/2029 0.375% Paris

In millions of euros 750 10/2021 10/2036 1.000% Paris

In millions of euros 650 09/2022 09/2029 3.500% Paris

In millions of euros 1,175 01/2023 01/2035 4.000% Paris

In millions of euros 750 01/2023 01/2043 4.250% Paris

In millions of euros 1,100 01/2023 01/2030 3.625% Paris

In millions of pounds sterling 650 04/2023 04/2053 5.625% Paris

In millions of Swiss francs 190 07/2023 01/2027 2.340% SIX

In millions of Swiss francs 225 07/2023 07/2031 2.490% SIX

In millions of euros 500 09/2023 09/2027 3.750% Paris

In millions of euros 800 09/2023 01/2031 3.875% Paris

In millions of euros 800 09/2023 09/2034 4.250% Paris

In millions of euros 900 09/2023 09/2042 4.500% Paris

In millions of euros 600 12/2023 12/2026 3.625% Paris

In millions of euros 900 12/2023 12/2033 3.875% Paris

In millions of euros 600 03/2024 03/2031 3.625% Paris

In millions of euros 800 03/2024 03/2036 3.875% Paris

In millions of euros 600 03/2024 03/2044 4.250% Paris

In millions of US dollars 750 04/2024 04/2029 5.250% Luxembourg

In millions of US dollars 750 04/2024 04/2034 5.625% Luxembourg

In millions of US dollars 500 04/2024 04/2054 5.875% Luxembourg

In millions of pounds sterling 500 10/2024 10/2050 5.750% Paris

In millions of Swiss francs 100 04/2025 04/2029 1.205% SIX

In millions of Swiss francs 200 04/2025 04/2033 1.655% SIX

In millions of euros 500 09/2025 01/2032 3.250% Paris

In millions of euros 700 09/2025 09/2037 3.875% Paris

PRIVATE PLACEMENTS

In millions of euros 100 03/2013 03/2033 3.375% Paris

In millions of euros 81 04/2013 04/2038 3.703% None

In millions of euros 100 10/2015 10/2027 1.764% Paris

In millions of euros 100 11/2015 11/2045 2.750% Paris

In millions of euros 50 11/2015 11/2045 2.750% Paris

In millions of euros 100 06/2017 06/2032 1.625% Paris

In millions of Hong Kong dollars 1,400 10/2017 09/2032 2.650% Paris

In millions of Hong Kong dollars 900 10/2017 10/2027 2.630% Paris

In millions of euros 50 07/2018 07/2027 1.157% Paris

In millions of euros 75 07/2018 07/2038 0.000% Paris

In millions of Australian dollars 85 07/2018 07/2033 3.780% Paris

In millions of US dollars 50 01/2019 12/2029 3.593% None

[Page 507] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

12.2.3 Other borrowings and amounts payable to equity investments

New Group borrowings were taken out in 2025 to ˱nance the Phoenix project: with Electrabel for €3,223 million, ENGIE Energy Management for €2,000 million, ENGIE CC for €750 million, ENGIE Treasury Management for €5,212 million, ENGIE Invest International for €2,550 million and ENGIE Finance for €4,000 million.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, other borrowings mainly comprised negotiable commercial paper denominated in euros: €4,047 million of NEU CP and €1,658 million (equivalent to USD 1,948 million) of USCP. These borrowings all fall due in less than one year.

12.2.4 Other borrowings and debt

ENGIE SA has non-revolving credit lines on which €2,007 million had been drawn at the year-end.

Two loans were taken out in 2025 for a total of €500 million.

Other borrowings and debt (accrued interest on borrowings and debt, current accounts with a credit balance, deposits received from customers, bank overdrafts, bank facilities, etc.) are chie ˳y denominated in euros.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

12.3 Analysis of borrowings and debt by currency and interest rate

12.3.1 Analysis by interest rate

After hedging of ˱nancial instruments Before hedging of ˱nancial instruments

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Floating rate

Bonds 9,582 9,204 75 75

Amounts payable to equity investments 22,235 4,500 22,235 4,500

Other loans 4,430 4,343 4,430 4,564

Current accounts with subsidiaries 3,223 2,562 3,223 2,562

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other borrowings and debt

Fixed rate

Hybrid bonds 4,390 4,038 4,390 4,038

Bonds 22,260 22,356 31,767 31,485

Amounts payable to equity investments

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other loans 3,797 1,645 3,797 1,424

Other borrowings and debt 726 723 726 723

TOTAL 70,643 49,371 70,643 49,371

12.3.2 Analysis by currency

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

After hedging of ˱nancial instruments Before hedging of ˱nancial instruments

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

In euros

Hybrid bonds 4,390 4,038 4,390 4,038

Bonds 25,878 31,560 25,878 25,425

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Amounts payable to equity investments 22,235 4,500 22,235 4,500

Other loans 6,203 5,988 6,203 5,458

Current accounts with subsidiaries 3,007 2,015 3,007 2,015

Other borrowings and debt 724 720 724 720

In foreign currency

Hybrid bonds -

Bonds 5,964 5,964 6,135

Amounts payable to equity investments -

Other loans 2,024 - 2,024 530

Current accounts with subsidiaries 216 547 216 547

Other borrowings and debt 2 3 2 3

TOTAL 70,643 49,371 70,643 49,371

[Page 508] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 13 UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXCHANGE GAINS

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2024 Increases Decreases Dec. 31, 2025

UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXCHANGE GAINS 258 412 (1) 669

Unrealized foreign exchange gains

Unrealized foreign exchange gains arise upon the translation at the year-end exchange rate of payables and receivables denominated in a currency other than the euro and upon the currency portion of derivative ˱nancial instruments intended to hedge currency risk on debt and/or commodity purchases and sales.

NOTE 14 NET OPERATING INCOME/(LOSS)

14.1 Breakdown of revenues

Revenues by region

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Energy sales

• France 18,930 18,264

• International 10,524 17,444

Works, research and services provided 4,491 3,961

Revenues from non-core activities and other 1,133 1,136

TOTAL 35,078 40,805

The decrease in revenues was mainly driven by the normalization of market conditions and a reduction in volumes.

Revenues by business activity

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Energy sales

• Natural gas 17,912 18,667

• Electricity 11,542 17,041

Other production sold

• Works, research and services provided 4,491 3,961

• Revenues from non-core activities and other 1,133 1,136

TOTAL 35,078 40,805

At December 31, 2025, unbilled, unmetered revenues (energy in the meter) amounted to €2,380 million excluding tax.

[Page 509] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

14.2 Statutory Auditors’ fees

The Shareholders' Meeting of ENGIE SA of May 14, 2020 decided to renew the terms of of˱ce of Deloitte and EY as Statutory Auditors for a six-year period from 2020 to 2025.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pursuant to Article 222-8 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF), the following table presents information on the fees paid by ENGIE SA, its fully consolidated subsidiaries and joint operations to each of the Auditors in charge of auditing the annual and consolidated ˱nancial statements of the ENGIE Group.

In millions of euros Deloitte & Associés EY 2025

Statutory audit fees (4) (5) (9)

Fees for non-audit services - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Of which services related to legal and regulatory requirements

Of which other audit services

Of which reviews of internal control

Of which due diligence services

Of which tax services

TOTAL (4) (5) (9)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

14.3 Personnel costs

Change in headcount by category

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In number of employees Dec. 31, 2024 Change Dec. 31, 2025

Operating staff 189 4 193

Senior technicians and supervisory staff 1,268 (18) 1,250

Managerial-grade staff 2,347 (33) 2,314

TOTAL 3,804 (47) 3,757

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The average number of employees at December 31, 2025 was 3,757, compared with 3,804 in 2024.

Personnel costs break down as follows:

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Wages (277) (284)

Social security contributions (132) (127)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Pro ˱t sharing (18) (17)

Other payroll expenses (117) (137)

TOTAL (545) (565)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Employee pro ˱t sharing

An employee pro ˱t-sharing agreement based on performance criteria was set up in compliance with the legal conditions prescribed by Order 86-1134 of October 21, 1986.

These pro˱t-sharing mechanisms are treated as personnel costs.

[Page 510] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

14.4 Net additions to provisions

In millions of euros Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Provision for capital renewal and replacement liabilities regarding concessions - -

Provision for site rehabilitation 65 47

Other provisions for losses (1) (5)

Other provisions for contingencies 55 (569)

TOTAL 119 (527)

Net additions to contingency and loss provisions mainly comprised:

• net addition to provisions for commercial litigation (€26.1 million);

• net reversal of provisions for onerous contracts (€173.8 million);

• net reversal of the provision for vendor warranties (€2.2 million);

• net addition to provisions for employee disputes (€2.3 million);

• net addition to the provision for restructuring costs (€45 million);

• net addition to the provision for site rehabilitation (€64.7 million);

• net addition to the provision for tax reassessment risk (€2.5 million);

• net reversal of provisions for miscellaneous expenses (€1 million).

• net addition to provisions for contingencies (€155.7 million), mainly comprising the provision for unrealized capital losses (negative fair value of derivative ˱nancial instruments) on commodities (€155.3 million);

14.5 Operating subsidies

Operating subsidies include the compensation for public service charges as a result of the price freeze on regulated tariffs for gas and electricity sales.

NOTE 15 NET FINANCIAL INCOME

Total

In millions of euros Expenses Income

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Other interest income and expenses (2,806) 1,091 (1,715) (1,209)

Income from amounts receivable from equity investments - - - -

Foreign exchange gains/(losses) (602) 661 59 80

Dividends received - 11,629 11,629 1,966

Movements in provisions for ˱nancial items (10,117) 1,265 (8,853) (183)

Net gains on disposals of ˱nancial ˱xed assets (713) 914 201 -

TOTAL (14,238) 15,561 1,322 654

NOTE 16 NON-RECURRING ITEMS

Total

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 Dec. 31, 2024

Total non-recurring income 564 4,870

Total non-recurring expenses (579) (2,243)

TOTAL (1) (15) 2,627

(1) Non-recurring items in 2024 included movements in provisions relating to equity investments. As from 2025, they are now recorded under net ˶nancial income.

Pursuant to ANC Regulation No. 2022-06 modernizing French ˱nancial statements, non-recurring items now only comprise income and expenses related directly to major and unusual events.

Tax-driven provisions (in particular provisions for price increases and accelerated depreciation) are non-recurring expenses arising from tax regulations (application of speci˱c higher-level legislation) and are therefore classi˱ed as non‑recurring items.

[Page 511] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 17 TAX POSITION

17.1 Tax consolidation

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The current option to ˱le consolidated tax returns is automatically renewed every ˱ve years.

17.2 Income tax

The income tax rate in 2025 was 25.82%, including the 3.3% social contribution.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2025 2024

Income before tax Income tax* Net income/(loss)

In millions of euros

Income before tax Income tax* Net income/(loss)

Income tax due by ENGIE SA for the period (excluding tax consolidation group)

• on recurring income 1,349 1,349 1,421 1,421

• on non-recurring income (15) (15) 2,627 2,627

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Income tax expense/bene ˱t (income tax payable by subsidiaries/provision for transfer of tax savings to entities in the tax consolidation group) 459 459 412 412

• income tax including contributions of subsidiaries within the tax consolidation group 499 378

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• net change in provisions for income tax (for losses incurred by subsidiaries within the tax consolidation group) (46) 38

• other (mainly adjustments to research and CICE tax credits held in 2024/2023) 6 (4)

TOTAL 1,334 459 1,793 4,048 412 4,460

* A positive ˶gure signi˶es a tax bene˶t.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• €41.4 million in reversals of provisions relating to the excess amortization during the period of the amortizable portion of the capital gain generated on the sale of gas distribution activities in 2007, compared to €50.6 million in 2024;

In 2025 and 2024, ENGIE SA generated an income tax loss on an individual company level. Dividends received from subsidiaries are eligible for tax consolidation and “parent/ subsidiary” tax treatment and are therefore exempt, subject to adding back a share of expenses equal to 1% or 5%, as applicable.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a net addition of €20.9 million for tax risks, compared with €1.4 million in 2024;

The income tax bene ˱t amounted to €458.9 million in 2025 versus an income tax bene˱t of €412.3 million in 2024, chie˳y re˳ecting:

• miscellaneous other income tax bene ˱ts amounting to €6.2 million in 2025 versus an income tax expense of €3.8 million in 2024, chie˳y re˳ecting:

• a tax consolidation bene ˱t of €498.7 million in 2025 versus €378.2 million in 2024. This tax consolidation gain arises from the difference between:

• a €3.5 million tax bene ˱t linked to the adjustment of outstanding research tax credits, compared with a tax bene˱t of €3.8 million in 2024;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the €563.9 million contribution to Group income tax due in 2025 to ENGIE SA by subsidiaries reporting a pro ˱t (€440.9 million in 2024),

• a €7.3 million tax bene ˱t related to tax rebates obtained, compared with a tax expense of €3.4 million in 2024;

• the income tax expense of the tax consolidation group of €65.2 million in 2025, versus an income tax bene ˱t of €62.6 million in 2024;

• a €4.6 million tax expense related to prior-year income tax, compared with a Pillar 2 tax expense of €4.2 million in 2024.

• a net addition of €46 million to the income tax provision in 2025 compared with a net addition of €37.9 million in 2024, mainly re ˳ecting:

• a €66.5 million net addition in respect of the utilization of tax losses by consolidated subsidiaries of ENGIE SA versus an €11.2 million net addition in 2024;

[Page 512] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

17.3 Tax credits

In millions of euros 2025 2024

Research tax credit 2 14

Other tax credits

• of which to be speci ˱ed

• of which to be speci ˱ed

TOTAL 2 14

17.4 Deferred tax

The deferred tax position shown in the table below results from temporary differences between the treatment of income and expenses for tax and accounting purposes.

2025 2024

In millions of euros

25.82% 25.82%

Year of reversal 2026 and beyond 2025 and beyond

Deferred tax liabilities

• Unrecognized deductible expenses 271 422

• Untaxed income recognized 38 51

Deferred tax assets

• Temporary non-deductible expenses recognized 1,088 1,893

• Unrecognized taxable income 737 383

Net deferred tax base 1,516 1,803

• Theoretical impact of deferred tax 391 466

NOTE 18 OFF-BALANCE SHEET COMMITMENTS (EXCLUDING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS)

18.1 Financial commitments

The ENGIE Group’s Finance Division is responsible for managing all ˱nancial risks (interest rate, currency, liquidity and credit risks).

and surpluses of companies controlled by the Group, ensuring that counterparty risk and the investment strategy are managed consistently.

18.1.1 Liquidity risk

The Group’s ˱nancing policy is based on:

• centralizing external ˱nancing;

The Group seeks to diversify its long-term sources of ˱nancing by carrying out public or private bond issues within the scope of its Euro Medium Term Notes program. It also issues NEU CP (Negotiable European Commercial Paper) in France as well as USCP (United States Commercial Paper) in the United States.

• diversifying sources of ˱nancing between credit institutions and capital markets;

• achieving a balanced debt repayment pro ˱le.

Long-term capital markets are accessed chie˳y by ENGIE SA in connection with the Group’s new bond issues, and in connection with commercial paper.

The centralization of ˱nancing needs and cash ˳ow surpluses for the Group is provided by its ˱nancing vehicles (long-term and short-term), as is automated cash centralization via its cash pooling vehicles.

As commercial paper is relatively inexpensive and highly liquid, it is used by the Group in a cyclical or structural fashion to ˱nance its short-term cash requirements. However, all outstanding commercial paper is backed by con˱rmed bank lines of credit so that the Group could continue to ˱nance its activities if access to this ˱nancing source were to dry up.

Short-term cash requirements and cash surpluses for Europe are managed by dedicated ˱nancial vehicles in France (ENGIE Finance) and Luxembourg (ENGIE Treasury Management). These vehicles centralize virtually all of the cash requirements

[Page 513] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

For its ˱nancing activities, ENGIE SA has put in place procedures for managing and monitoring risk based on:

• accreditation of counterparties according to external credit ratings;

The Group’s liquidity is based on maintaining cash and cash equivalents and access to con ˱rmed credit facilities. ENGIE SA can therefore access facilities readily convertible into cash, enabling it to meet its cash requirements in the ordinary course of business or to serve as a bridge to ˱nance external growth operations:

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• objective market data (credit default swaps, market capitalization);

• their ˱nancial strength; and

• risk exposure limits put in place.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• ENGIE SA has credit facilities with various banks under which €15,025 million remains undrawn. These facilities include two syndicated credit lines, respectively for €4,500 million and €4,000 million, maturing in September 2028 and December 2028. At December 31, 2025, ENGIE SA had drawn down €2,007 million on these facilities. These facilities are not subject to any covenants or credit rating requirements;

ENGIE SA also draws on a structured legal framework based on master agreements (including netting clauses) and collateralization contracts (margin calls) to reduce its exposure to counterparty risk. The oversight procedure for managing counterparty risk arising from ˱nancing activities is managed by a middle of˱ce reporting to the Group’s Finance Division.

18.1.3 Interest rate risk

• ENGIE SA also has access to short-term debt markets through short-term debt issues: USCP for USD 1,948 million (€1,658 million) and NEU CP for €4,047 million at December 31, 2025.

18.1.2 Counterparty risk

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE SA has adopted a policy for optimizing the cost of its net debt using a combination of ˱nancial instruments (interest swaps and options) according to market conditions.

ENGIE SA is exposed to counterparty risk arising on its operating and ˱nancing activities.

ENGIE SA takes care to ensure that the difference between its ˳oating-rate debt and its cash surpluses invested at a ˳oating rate has a low degree of exposure to adverse changes in short-term interest rates.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Positions are managed centrally and are reviewed each quarter or whenever any new ˱nancing is raised. Management must approve in advance any transaction that causes the interest rate mix to change signi˱cantly.

To manage counterparty risk arising on operating activities, the Group has put in place monitoring procedures adapted to the characteristics of the counterparties concerned (private corporations, individuals, and public authorities). Customers representing a major counterparty for the Company are covered by procedures applicable to the ˱nancial activities described below, thereby providing broad-ranging oversight of the corresponding counterparty risk.

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2024

Fair value including accrued interest

Due in 6 to 10 years Due after 10 years Total

Due in 1 to 5 years

Due in 1 year or less

Lender interest rate swap EUR

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˳oating-rate lender 2,385 5,654 3,504 4,976 16,519 1,204 12,889

Fixed-rate borrower/˱xed-rate lender 299 299

Floating-rate borrower/˱xed-rate lender 3,467 4,555 6,379 7,360 21,761 (975) 24,867

Floating-rate borrower/˳oating-rate lender 50 500 - 600 1,150 14 650

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL 5,902 10,709 9,883 13,235 39,729 243 38,406

Lender interest rate swap USD

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˳oating-rate lender 649 778 - 89 1,516 12 1,283

Floating-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender - 480 426 - 906 (18) 1,925

TOTAL 649 1,258 426 89 2,422 (6) 3,208

Lender interest rate swap GBP

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˳oating-rate lender - 287 - - 287 (3)

Floating-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender - - - 573 573 (44) 302

TOTAL - 287 - 573 860 (47) 302

TOTAL 6,551 12,254 10,309 13,897 43,011 190 41,916

[Page 514] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2025

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2024

In millions of euros

Due in 1 year or less

Due in 1 to 5 years

Due in 6 to 10 years Due after 10 years Total

Fair value including accrued interest

Lender currency swap GBP

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender 638 2,031 2,669 (391) 2,669

Fixed-rate borrower/˳oating-rate lender - -

TOTAL - 638 - 2,031 2,669 (391) 2,669

Lender currency swap EUR

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender - 1,902 2,851 - 4,753 100

Floating-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender -

TOTAL - 1,902 2,851 - 4,753 100 -

Lender currency swap CHF

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender - 105 440 - 545 28 231

Floating-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender 195 - 195 17 195

TOTAL - 300 440 - 740 45 426

Lender currency swap USD

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender 266 331 597 (53) 597

Fixed-rate borrower/˳oating-rate lender - -

Floating-rate borrower/ ˳oating-rate lender - -

Floating-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender - - - -

TOTAL - 266 331 - 597 (53) 597

Lender currency swap NOK

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender -

TOTAL - - - - - - -

Lender currency swap AUD

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender 54 - 54 (4) 129

TOTAL - - 54 - 54 (4) 129

Lender currency swap HKD

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˱xed-rate lender - 98 153 - 251 9 251

TOTAL - 98 153 - 251 9 251

Lender currency swap CNH

Fixed-rate borrower/ ˳oating-rate lender - 384 - - 384 (19) 216

TOTAL - 384 - - 384 (19) 216

TOTAL - 3,588 3,829 2,031 9,448 (313) 4,288

18.1.4 Currency risk

Interest rate hedges outstanding at December 31, 2025 are described below

Foreign currency exchange risk (FX risk) is reported and managed based on a Group-wide approach, re ˳ected in a dedicated Group policy that is approved by the Group Management Committee. At ENGIE SA level, there are three main sources of currency risk:

• ENGIE SA entered into short-term swaps (maturing in less than six months) to hedge the interest rate risk on its short‑term cash management transactions (NEU CP issues). These are ˳oating-rate borrower (Ester)/˱xed-rate lender swaps with a notional amount of €1,328 million;

• in line with the Group’s interest rate risk policy and with due reference to market conditions, interest rate risk is managed centrally through the use of interest rate swaps and options within the framework of an annual risk mandate;

• regular transaction risk: this risk arises on commercial transactions involving the purchase and sale of natural gas in a currency other than the euro. Gas purchase and sale contracts are often indexed to the price of oil-based products, mostly listed in US dollars;

• ˱nancial transaction risk: all signi˱cant exposures related to cash, ˱nancial debt, etc. are systematically hedged;

• as part of the Group’s interest rate risk management policy, since 2009 ENGIE SA has set up interest rate hedges indexed to the dollar, ˱xing the interest rate on the Group’s USD debt, for a nominal amount of USD 1,802 million at end-2025 (€2,117 million);

• translation risk: this involves consolidated entities that do not have the euro as their functional currency. The main exposures to translation risk correspond to assets in USD, BRL and GBP.

• ENGIE SA has a portfolio of 2024 forward interest rate pre‑hedges with a maturity in 2034 to protect the re ˱nancing interest rate on a portion of its debt at the Group level.

[Page 515] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

The exposure to currency risk on these transactions is managed and monitored as follows:

To manage its exposure to ˳uctuations in exchange rates, ENGIE SA mainly uses forward currency purchase or sale contracts and currency swaps to hedge its gas purchases and its ˱nancing activities.

• pass-through mechanisms are applied in determining (i) sale prices for eligible customers, and (ii) regulated rates;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• the margin on ˱xed-price sale contracts or contracts indexed by ˱nancial swaps is hedged;

• translation risk is managed centrally, with a focus on securing the net asset value.

To limit the impact of translation risk on certain amounts receivable from equity investments and on future foreign currency purchases, and to hedge the net asset risk arising on consolidation, ENGIE SA has taken new positions or reinforced existing positions in forward currency transactions that allow it to cancel out or minimize translation adjustments on these deposits and loans or other future operations.

There is a time lag between the impact of ˳uctuations in the US dollar on procurement costs and their repercussions on sales prices, re˳ecting mainly the effect of rolling averages and the inventory cycle.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At December 31, 2025, commitments corresponding to translation and ˱nancial risk were as follows:

Fixed portion of commitments at Dec. 31, 2025 Maturity

In millions of euros

Forward contracts

Fixed portion of commitments at Dec. 31, 2024 2026 2027 2028 and beyond

Euro equivalent at Dec. 31, 2025

Exchange rate ˳uctuations at Dec. 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

LONG POSITIONS

AUD 86 78 164 (1) 158

CAD - -

CHF - -

CNH - -

GBP - 44

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NZD - -

PLN - -

USD 2,398 304 2,702 6 1,147

ZAR - 36

SHORT POSITIONS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

AUD 10 10 5

CAD - -

CHF - -

CNH - -

GBP 100 100 159

NZD - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PLN - -

USD 1,750 613 2,363 (120) 4,800

ZAR - 36

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 516] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

18.1.5 Other ˱nancial commitments given

Maturity

In millions of euros

End-2026 Between 2027 and 2030 2031 and beyond

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

MARKET-RELATED COMMITMENTS

Performance and other guarantees 307 88 219

Performance and other guarantees given on behalf of subsidiaries 6,877 1,852 1,350 3,675

FINANCING COMMITMENTS

Personal sureties given -

Guarantees and endorsements given to subsidiaries 8,976 639 1,526 6,811

Collateral given -

Credit lines -

OTHER COMMITMENTS GIVEN

Contractual guarantees for sales of businesses 3,684 3,405 279

Operating lease commitments 587 50 187 350

Finance lease commitments -

Commitments relating to LNG tankers -

Market-related commitments totaling €7,184 million at end‑2025 comprise performance and other guarantees given by ENGIE SA with respect to operating contracts, both on its own behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries.

Financing commitments totaling €8,976 million correspond to payment guarantees granted by ENGIE SA to third parties on behalf of its subsidiaries.

Operating lease commitments totaling €587 million relate to the present value of lease payments outstanding through to maturity of the property leases within the scope of ENGIE SA’s operations. Commitments relating to the Campus and Urban Garden projects represented €511 million and €26 million, respectively. As certain property lease expenses are rebilled to Group subsidiaries, the corresponding commitments are shown in commitments received.

Other commitments have been given in respect of performance and completion guarantees:

Contractual guarantees for sales of businesses totaling €3,684 million relate mainly to commitments given on the disposals of:

• to the Hong Kong authorities, in respect of contracts awarded to Sita (which became SUEZ Environnement and then SUEZ), which counter-guaranteed ENGIE SA for the same amounts. These contracts relate to:

• the operation of the Nent land ˱ll in partnership with the Newworld and Guandong groups until 2063,

• 25% of NaTran to Société d’Infrastructures Gazières (SIG). ENGIE SA has given SIG a 20-year warranty against any losses incurred by SIG due to inaccurate representations regarding the non-pollution of the land owned or exploited by NaTran and the cost of the resulting clean-up work payable by NaTran not covered by the tariffs. The amount of the warranty is €167 million and is proportional to the percentage interest in NaTran (25%) acquired by SIG in July 2011;

• ENGIE Exploration & Production (EPI), following the sale of the 30% minority interest to Fullbloom Investment Corporation (FIC), a wholly owned subsidiary of China Investment Corporation (CIC) in 2011, for an amount of up to €2,681 million expiring in 2026;

• 10% of train 1 of the Atlantic LNG facility in Trinidad and Tobago, for an amount of up to €723 million expiring in 2026;

• the operation of other various land ˱ll sites, including Went until 2033, NWNT until 2030, Tseung Kwan until 2029 and Pillar Point until 2036, initially in partnership with Swire Paciﬁc Ltd. When Swire Paciﬁc sold its interest in the Swire SITA Waste Services joint venture to its partner SUEZ Environnement in December 2009, these guarantees were reissued by ENGIE SA. These guarantees were reissued by ENGIE SA. However, if a guarantee is called in respect of the period during which the subsidiary was under joint control, the Swire Group has agreed in principle to share the ultimate liability equally between the two groups;

• Culturespaces on January 14, 2022, expiring on March 30, 2026, for a total amount of €0.9 million;

• Equans and Bouygues for certain fundamental and tax representations, which expire no later than the applicable limitation period and for a maximum amount of €112.5 million for a speci ˱c warranty on certain Equans contracts.

• as part of the spin-off of water and wastewater activities in 2000, performance guarantees expiring in 2025 were granted by ENGIE SA in the context of its transfer of local public service franchise contracts to Lyonnaise des Eaux. Since the last contract expired in 2025, no such contracts were in force at the end of that year. However, contracts that expired between 2022 and 2025 are still subject to the four-year statute of limitations on contractual liability under French administrative law. The new entity, SUEZ, pledged an indemnity in respect of these contracts in 2022 that counter-guarantees ENGIE’s commitment (the same commitment was given by the former Suez Environnement entity in 2008).

[Page 517] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

a subsidiary, all of ENGIE’s obligations thereunder (the consequences of the above-mentioned contracts having already been counter-guaranteed). Veolia has also undertaken to do its utmost to ensure the full and proper performance by SUEZ or its subsidiaries of the contracts covered by these commitments and guarantees.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Following Veolia’s takeover bid for SUEZ, ENGIE SA informed Veolia of the commitments and performance guarantees for certain contracts granted by ENGIE SA to SUEZ and its subsidiaries. Veolia undertook, as soon as it had obtained control of SUEZ – which is now the case – to use its best efforts to take ENGIE’s place in those commitments and guarantees and to counter-guarantee, either directly or through

18.1.6 Other ˱nancial commitments received

Maturity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

In millions of euros

End-2026 Between 2027 and 2030 2031 and beyond

Total at Dec. 31, 2025

MARKET-RELATED COMMITMENTS

Performance and other guarantees 45 45 -

FINANCING COMMITMENTS

Undrawn credit facilities 11,028 810 9,956 262

Personal sureties received -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Other ˱nancing commitments received - - - -

Other ˱nancing commitments received in relation to subsidiaries - - -

OTHER COMMITMENTS RECEIVED

Counter-guarantees for personal sureties -

Counter-guarantees for trading commitments - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Operating lease commitments 86 55 28 3

Finance lease commitments - - - -

Commitments relating to LNG tankers - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Operating lease commitments totaling €86 million correspond to the rebilling of rent for premises occupied by Group subsidiaries.

ENGIE SA secured a €5,000 million syndicated credit line in April 2014. It was initially due to mature in 2019 but has been extended to September 2030 with a reduction in the commitment to €4,500 million. A new €4,000 million syndicated credit line was secured in December 2021 maturing December 2026, however it has been extended through December 2028.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

18.2 Commodity-related commitments

18.2.1 Natural gas and electricity commitments

The contracts provide for reciprocal commitments regarding speci˱ed quantities of gas:

• a commitment by ENGIE SA to purchase quantities of gas above a minimum threshold;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• a commitment by suppliers to provide these quantities at competitive prices.

The appeal of these contracts is provided by indexed price formulas and price adjustment mechanisms. ENGIE SA makes the bulk of these purchases under such contracts.

Gas supplies in Europe are based partly on long-term contracts. These long-term commitments make it possible to ˱nance costly production and transmission infrastructures. The seller makes a long-term commitment to serve the buyer, subject to a commitment by the latter to buy minimum quantities regardless of whether or not it takes delivery thereof. These commitments are combined with backup measures ( force majeure ) and ˳exible volume arrangements, making it possible to manage any uncertainties affecting demand, primarily weather conditions, as well as any technical contingencies that may arise.

At December 31, 2025, ENGIE SA had ˱rm commitments to purchase a minimum of 406 TWh within one year, 935 TWh between two and ˱ve years, and 1,094 TWh after ˱ve years.

These types of contracts can run up to 25 years and are used by ENGIE SA to meet the demands of its customers for natural gas in the medium and long term.

At December 31, 2025, ENGIE SA had ˱rm commitments to purchase a minimum of 101 TWh within one year, 252 TWh between two and ˱ve years, and 671 TWh after ˱ve years.

To meet its commitments to take delivery of speci˱ed volumes, ENGIE SA has entered into long-term contracts to reserve land and sea transmission capacities.

ENGIE SA can also enter into forward purchase and sale contracts for natural gas, primarily at maturities of less than one year, as part of its trading activities. These consist of purchases and sales on shortand medium-term markets and offers featuring engineered prices for other operators.

At December 31, 2025, commitments given by ENGIE SA totaled 33 TWh under forward electricity purchase contracts and 100 TWh under forward electricity sale contracts.

[Page 518] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

18.2.2 Commodity derivatives

As part of its energy brokerage activities, ENGIE SA uses energy derivatives to adjust its exposure to ˳uctuations in prices of natural gas, electricity and oil products.

• measures taken to optimize procurement costs. Energy procurement costs, assets used in electricity production and reservations of available transmission and storage capacity not required to supply customers are systematically valued on the market.

The exposure to commodity price risk on commercial transactions is managed and monitored as follows:

• pass-through mechanisms are applied in determining (i) sale prices for eligible customers, and (ii) regulated rates;

Commodity derivatives (natural gas, oil and electricity) consist mainly of swaps, futures and options set up to manage price risk within the scope of ENGIE SA’s trading activities. These instruments are traded with third parties by the Company’s specialized subsidiary, ENGIE Global Markets on organized or over-the-counter markets.

• the margin on ˱xed-price sale contracts or contracts indexed by ˱nancial swaps is hedged.

These derivatives are contracted to manage risks arising on:

Depending on the nature of the hedged items, gains and losses on these transactions are recognized either in revenue or in energy purchase cost.

There is a time lag between the impact of changes in commodity prices on procurement costs and their repercussion on sales prices, re˳ecting mainly the effect of rolling averages and the inventory stocking/run-down cycle.

• price engineering transactions designed to meet the growing demand among customers for tight controls on gas and electricity price risk. These products are primarily intended to guarantee a commercial margin regardless of trends in the commodity indexes included in the prices offered to customers, even when they differ from the commodity indexes to which ENGIE SA purchases are pegged. Options (calls and puts) are set up to guarantee maximum and minimum prices;

18.2.2.1 Instruments not recognized as hedges

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2024 In GWh by maturity

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2025 Fair value at Dec. 31, 2025

(In millions of euros) x < 1 year 1 year < x < 2 years x > 2 years (In millions of euros) (in GWh)

SWAPS (LONG POSITION)

Natural gas 233,589.65 86,184.86 37,914.79 5,350.43 (1,316.49) 90,160.97

Oil-based products 32,033.71 13,627.20 - 96 (96) 8,273.55

Electricity 45,795.14 20,103.05 12,845.36 682 (526) 1,703.53

CER EUA – CO 2 (1)

SWAPS (SHORT POSITION)

Natural gas (234,623.57) (66,735.85) (10,491.76) (3,400.60) 1,018.93 (78,330.95)

Oil-based products (17,751.72) (13,627.20) - (91) 91 (3,010.76)

Electricity (46,715.83) (18,753.11) (9,811.09) (1,458.27) 712 (3,284.89)

CER EUA – CO 2 (1)

OPTIONS (LONG POSITION)

Natural gas 236 (1) - (1) 1 461

Oil-based products

Electricity

OPTIONS (SHORT POSITION)

Natural gas (74) - - (2) (10) (16,290.35)

Oil-based products

Electricity

(1) In kilos of CO 2 quotas.

[Page 519] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

18.2.2.2 Instruments recognized as hedges

Hedge accounting is not used in ENGIE SA’s parent company ˱nancial statements.

18.2.2.3 Physical delivery contracts

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2024 in GWh by maturity

Notional amount at Dec. 31, 2025 Fair value at Dec. 31, 2025

(In millions of euros) x < 1 year 1 year < x < 2 years x > 2 years (In millions of euros) (in GWh)

FORWARDS (LONG POSITION)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Natural gas 335,470.23 117,923.94 49,611.68 15,487.25 (2,637.18) 724,137.24

Oil-based products

Electricity 56,986.78 27,986.92 12,020.41 6,529.22 (1,650.71) 82,078.44

CER EUA – CO 2 (1)

FORWARD (SHORT POSITION)

Natural gas (319,181.94) (99,916.56) (60,999.71) (14,740.26) 2,545.40 (678,916.70)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Oil-based products

Electricity (12,710.54) (3,436.21) (2,128.28) (1,222.92) 321 (39,660.40)

CER EUA – CO 2 (1)

OPTIONS (LONG POSITION)

Natural gas (1,464.79) 1,608.28 997 (35) 38 656

Oil-based products

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Electricity 2,698.95 1,129.27 - (168) 153 26,840.68

OPTIONS (SHORT POSITION)

Natural gas 14,014.29 3,919.06 - 61 (89)

Oil-based products

Electricity (6,788.72) (1,842.50) 22 (113) 80 (26,952.53)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

(1) In kilos of CO 2 quotas.

18.3 Insurance of eligible risks

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To ensure a consistent approach, insurance policies are managed at Group level. As a result, new projects developed by subsidiaries can be incorporated within existing policies to enable the parent company to fully assume its role for its majority-owned subsidiaries.

ENGIE SA systematically transfers all material risks based on an identi ˱cation of risks eligible for insurance – particularly relating to Company assets and damages caused to third parties. Insurance policies offer extensive coverage in order to limit the ˱nancial impact of any claims on the Group’s accounts.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

[Page 520] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

NOTE 19 PENSIONS AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS

Overview of obligations

EGI sector plan Non-EGI sector plan Total

In millions of euros

Dec. 31, 2025 (1) Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025 (1) Dec. 31, 2024

Dec. 31, 2025 (1) Dec. 31, 2024

Pension bene ˱t obligations 1,416 1,550 203 215 1,619 1,765

Pension plan 1,416 1,550 203 215 1,619 1,765

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene ˱ts 220 252 13 15 233 267

Reduced energy and water prices 151 173 2 3 153 176

End-of-career indemnities 31 33 31 33

Immediate bereavement bene ˱ts 27 34 27 34

Other (2) 11 12 11 12 22 24

Other employee bene ˱ts 66 68 - - 66 68

Disability bene ˱ts and other 60 62 - - 60 62

Long-service awards 6 6 - - 6 6

TOTAL 1,702 1,870 216 230 1,918 2,100

(1) Including €80 million covered by a provision in the parent company ˶nancial statements (see Note 19.4). (2) Indemnities for the partial reimbursement of educational expenses, exceptional end-of-career vacation and the former SUEZ supplementary healthcare plan.

Actuarial assumptions

The actuarial assumptions were determined together with independent actuaries. Weighted discount rates for the main actuarial assumptions are presented below:

Pension bene ˱t obligations

Other post‑employment bene˱t obligations Long-term bene˱t obligations Total bene˱t obligations

EGI sector plan

2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

Discount rate 4.43% 3.63% 4.40% 3.62% 3.98% 3.40% 4.27% 3.55%

In ˳ation rate 2.00% 1.98% 2.00% 1.98% 2.00% 1.98% 2.00% 1.98%

Average remaining working years of participating employees 19 years 20 years 19 years 20 years 19 years 20 years 19 years 20 years

Non-EGI sector plan

Pension bene ˱t obligations

Other post‑employment bene˱t obligations Long-term bene˱t obligations Total bene˱t obligations

Former SUEZ 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

Discount rate 3.61% 3.63% - - - - 3.61% 3.63%

In ˳ation rate 1.97% 2.02% - - - - 1.97% 2.02%

Average remaining working years of participating employees

Non-EGI sector plan

Pension bene ˱t obligations

Other post‑employment bene˱t obligations Long-term bene˱t obligations Total bene˱t obligations

Former Cie Financière 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

Discount rate 3.61% 3.63% - - - - 3.61% 3.63%

In ˳ation rate 1.97% 2.02% - - - - 1.97% 2.02%

Average remaining working years of participating employees

According to the Group’s estimates, a 1% increase or decrease in the discount rate would result in a change of 13% in the projected bene ˱t obligation.

[Page 521] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

19.1 Pensions

The main de ˱ned-bene˱t plans operated by ENGIE SA comprise:

entitlements under the EGI plan are set out in the national statute for EGI sector employees (Decree of June 22, 1946) and determined by the government. By law, companies cannot amend any of these conditions.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• pensions falling within the scope of the special plan for companies belonging to the electricity and gas industries (EGI) sector;

• pension plans taken over following the merger of SUEZ into ENGIE SA:

• the 1953 supplementary pension plan, closed since December 31, 1988,

Unregulated past speci˱c bene˱ts (at December 31, 2004) are funded by EGI sector entities to the extent de˱ned by Decree No. 2005-322 of April 5, 2005. For ENGIE SA, this funding obligation represents 3.25% of the past speci˱c bene˱t obligations of all EGI sector companies.

• plans operated by the former Compagnie de SUEZ (annuity plans based on end-of-career salaries),

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The speci˱c bene˱ts vested under the plan since January 1, 2005 are wholly ˱nanced by EGI sector companies in proportion to their respective share of the electricity and gas market as measured in terms of total payroll costs.

• supplementary pension plans for senior managers operated by all water companies (annuity plans based on end-ofcareer salaries).

The special EGI pension plan has been closed to new members since September 1, 2023.

Calculation of pension obligations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

French government order No. 2019-697 on top-up pension plans, which was published on July 4, 2019 pursuant to the European Directive of April 16, 2014, abolished the de ˱nedbene˱t pension plans governed by Article L.137-11 of the French Social Security Code (known as “Article 39 plans”), froze the rights of existing members and closed the plans to any new members as of that date.

ENGIE SA’s pension obligations are calculated using a yield-tomaturity method in line with ANC Recommendation 2013-02 of November 7, 2013. The method used is known as the projected unit credit method and is based on assumptions regarding end-of-career salaries, retirement ages, changes in the population of retired employees and payment of bene ˱ts to surviving spouses.

Following the plan’s closure and crystallization of rights accrued in 2019, in 2020 the Group transferred the rights of bene˱ciaries, including Executive Committee members, to a de˱ned contribution plan (known as an “Article 82” plan).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The obligations are calculated as follows:

EGI sector pension plan

• based on the rights vested at the measurement date, under both the EGI plan and statutory pension plans;

• for all active and retired employees in the EGI sector, and all employees and eligible bene ˱ciaries for former SUEZ plans;

• actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Salaried employees and retirees of EGI sector companies have been fully af ˱liated to the Caisse nationale des industries électriques et gazières (CNIEG) since January 1, 2005. The CNIEG is a private welfare body placed under the joint responsibility of the ministries in charge of social security and the budget. The conditions for calculating bene ˱t

19.2 Other employee bene ˱t obligations

Bene ˱ts payable to active and retired employees of EGI sector companies (excluding pensions) are described below:

Retired employees of former SUEZ are eligible for post-employment bene˱ts consisting of a cash contribution to the costs of their water supply and complementary healthcare insurance.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• post-employment bene ˱ts:

The obligation is calculated using the projected unit credit method.

• reduced energy prices,

The Group’s main obligations are described below.

• end-of-career indemnities,

• exceptional end-of-career vacation,

19.2.1 Reduced energy prices

• death in service bene ˱ts ( régime des capitaux décès ),

• assistance with educational expenses;

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

• long-term bene ˱ts:

Under Article 28 of the national statute for EGI sector personnel, all current and former employees are entitled to bene ˱ts in kind which take the form of energy. This bene˱t entitles employees to electricity and gas supplies at a reduced price.

• allowances for occupational accidents and illnesses,

• temporary and permanent disability allowances,

• long-service awards,

• asbestos bene ˱t.

The amount of the obligation regarding gas supplied to ENGIE SA and EDF employees corresponds to the likely present value of the power (kWh) supplied to the employees or their dependents during the retirement phase, assessed based on the unit cost of the energy. The amount of the obligation also takes account of the likely value of the price of the energy exchange agreement with EDF.

[Page 522] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

19.2.2 End-of-career indemnities

19.2.3 Allowances for occupational accidents and illnesses

As of July 1, 2008, retiring employees (or their dependents in the event of death during active service) are entitled to endof-career indemnities which increase in line with the lengthof-service within the EGI sector, capped at 40 years.

Like other employees under the standard pension plan, EGI sector employees are entitled to compensation for accidents at work and other occupational illnesses. These bene ˱ts cover all employees or the dependents of employees who die as a result of occupational accidents or illnesses, or injuries suffered on the way to work.

The amount of the obligation corresponds to the likely present value of the bene˱ts to be paid to current bene˱ciaries, taking into account any reversionary annuities.

19.3 Change in present value of bene ˱t obligations

EGI sector plan Non-EGI sector plan

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene˱ts Long-term bene˱ts Pension bene˱ts

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene˱ts Long-term bene˱ts

Total Pension bene ˱t obligations

2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

In millions of euros

PRESENT VALUE OF BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT JANUARY 1 1,550 1,536 251 274 69 68 216 222 14 14 - - 2,100 2,114

Impact of mergers and spin-offs - - - - - -

Past service cost: plan amendments - - - - - - - - -

Current service cost 13 15 5 4 8 7 - - - - 26 26

Interest cost 54 53 9 10 2 2 7 7 1 - - 72 73

Actuarial gains and losses due to ˱nancial assumption changes (157) (19) (29) (4) (3) - (5) 3 1 - - (194) (20)

Actuarial gains and losses due to demographic assumption changes (14) (20) (8) (21) (3) (4) - - - - (25) (44)

Actuarial gains and losses due to experience adjustments 51 65 3 3 4 4 - - - - 58 71

Bene ˱ts paid under all plans (funded and unfunded) (76) (78) (11) (15) (10) (8) (14) (16) (2) (2) - - (113) (118)

Impact of pension reform (5) - - - (5) -

Other - - - - - - - -

PRESENT VALUE OF BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT DECEMBER 31 1,416 1,550 220 251 66 69 203 216 13 14 - - 1,918 2,100

[Page 523] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

19.4 Provisions

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

liabilities. These provisions are written back as and when the corresponding liabilities for which they were set aside at end2007 are extinguished. No further amounts are set aside to these provisions in respect of rights newly vested or the unwinding of discounting adjustments.

At year-end, ENGIE SA sets aside provisions in respect of allowances for occupational accidents and illnesses, and temporary and permanent disability bene ˱ts for active employees, as well as for bene˱ts due during employees’ active working lives (long-service awards and exceptional end-of-career vacation). Provisions for pensions and other employee bene˱t obligations transferred by SUEZ at the time of the 2008 merger are also recognized by ENGIE SA in

At December 31, 2025, ENGIE SA booked provisions of €80 million compared to €83 million at end-2024, representing a decrease of €3 million in employee-related provisions.

Changes in provisions for employee bene ˱t obligations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EGI sector plan Non-EGI sector plan

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene ˱ts (2) Long-term bene ˱ts (3) Pension bene ˱ts (1)

Total Pension bene ˱ts (1)

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene ˱ts (2) Long-term bene ˱ts (3)

2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

In millions of euros

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PRESENT VALUE OF BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT JANUARY 1 (PROVISIONED) 10 10 69 68 4 4 - - - 83 82

Impact of mergers and spin-offs - - - - - - - - -

Current service cost - 1 1 8 7 - - - - - - 9 8

Interest cost - - - 2 2 - - - - - - 2 2

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Actuarial gains and losses due to ˱nancial assumption changes - (1) - (3) - - - - - - - (4) -

Actuarial gains and losses due to demographic assumption changes - - (3) (4) - - - - - - (3) (4)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Actuarial gains and losses due to experience adjustments - 1 1 4 4 - - - - - - 5 5

Bene ˱ts paid under all plans (funded and unfunded) - (1) (2) (10) (8) - - - - - - (11) (10)

Impact of pension reform - - -

Other - - - - - - - - - - -

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

PRESENT VALUE OF BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT DECEMBER 31 (PROVISIONED) - 10 10 66 69 4 4 - - - - 80 83

(1) Excluding EGI sector companies in both 2025 and 2024. (2) Exceptional vacation (€10 million), complementary health insurance for retired former SUEZ employees (zero) and water bonus (zero) in 2025. (3) Allowances for occupational accidents and illness (€47 million), temporary and permanent disability allowances (€11 million), asbestos (€2 million) and long-service awards (€6 million).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

19.5 Insurance contracts

ENGIE SA has taken out insurance contracts with several insurance ˱rms to cover its obligations in respect of pensions and end-of-career indemnities. An amount of €88 million was paid to these insurance ˱rms in 2025.

The value of these insurance contracts stood at €1,674 million at December 31, 2025 (€1,688 million at December 31, 2024).

[Page 524] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

19.6 Change in the fair value of plan assets

EGI sector plan Non-EGI sector plan

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene˱ts Long-term bene˱ts Pension bene˱ts

Total Pension bene ˱t

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene˱ts Long-term bene˱ts

2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

In millions of euros

FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSETS AT JANUARY 1 1,465 1,475 17 21 - - 206 210 - - - - 1,688 1,706

Impact of mergers and spin-offs - - - - - - - - - - -

Expected return on plan assets 52 52 1 1 - - 7 7 - - - - 60 60

Premiums net of handling fees - - - - - - - - - - -

Actuarial gains and losses on plan assets 15 9 - - - (1) 5 - - - - 14 14

Bene ˱ts paid out of plan assets (71) (71) (2) (5) - - (14) (16) - - - - (88) (92)

Other - - - - - - - - - -

FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSETS AT DECEMBER 31 1,461 1,465 16 17 - - 198 206 - - - - 1,674 1,688

Return on plan assets

EGI sector plan Non-EGI sector plan

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene˱ts Long-term bene˱ts

End-of-career and other post‑employment bene˱ts Long-term bene˱ts Pension bene˱ts

Pension bene ˱ts

2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024

Actual return on plan assets 4.7% 4.2% 4.7% 4.2% 3.4% 3.1% - - - -

The actual return on EGI sector plan assets was 4.71% in 2025.

The actual return on non-EGI sector plan assets was 3.4% in 2025.

The allocation of plan assets by principal asset category can be analyzed as follows:

EGI sector plan Non-EGI sector plan

2025 2024 2025 2024

Equities 29% 31% 10% 10%

Bonds 61% 60% 78% 78%

Other (including money market securities) 10% 9% 12% 12%

100% 100% 100% 100%

Based on unit-linked contracts attributable to ENGIE SA, the portion of plan assets invested in ˱nancial instruments issued by ENGIE SA amounted to €4.7 million at December 31, 2025, representing less than 1% of the total value of the fund at that date. Plan assets are not invested in properties occupied by ENGIE SA or in other assets used by ENGIE SA.

Collective life insurance policies contracted with insurers to cover employee-related liabilities under the EGI sector plan are unit-linked. These contracts are available to ENGIE SA and to Group subsidiaries belonging to the “Group employee bene ˱ts management agreement”. A small portion of these contracts may be invested in ˱nancial instruments issued by ENGIE SA, mainly equities.

[Page 525] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

19.7 Supplementary de ˱ned-contribution plan

Employees eligible for the EGI plan also bene ˱t from an additional de˱ned-contribution plan set up in 2009. Employer contributions paid in respect of this scheme remained stable in 2025 and 2024 at €5 million.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 20 LEGAL AND ANTI-TRUST PROCEEDINGS

20.1 GPE

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

At the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2022, ENGIE initiated an arbitration procedure against Gazprom Export LLC seeking, in particular to obtain (i) recognition of Gazprom Export LLC’s non-performance of its gas delivery obligations towards ENGIE under long-term gas delivery agreements and (ii) payment of contractual penalties as well as compensation for damage resulting from this non-performance from Gazprom Export LLC.

This arbitration procedure is due to the signi ˱cant delivery shortages by Gazprom Export LLC to ENGIE as of midJune 2022, followed by Gazprom Export LLC’s unilateral decision at the end of summer 2022 to reduce its deliveries to ENGIE due to a disagreement between the parties on the application of the agreements. This complex situation has led each party to withdraw their claims by the end of 2026, with the arbitration being suspended in the meantime.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

20.2 Withholding tax

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

irrespective of the fact that the State had not authorized its repayment by the bank assigning the claim, and that the repayment was only partial. The Conseil d’État referred the case back to the Versailles Administrative Court of Appeal to decide on the basis of a procedure that made the tax treatment of the disputed assignment of receivables in 2005 dependent on the outcome of the précompte litigation itself.

On April 3, 2025 the Versailles Administrative Court of Appeal ruled in favor of ENGIE SA. The Court's decision is now ˱nal and has no impact on the 2025 ˱nancial statements, as the favorable effects have already been taken into account in previous years.

In their tax de ˱ciency notice dated December 22, 2008, the French tax authorities questioned the treatment as corporate income tax of the non-recourse Dailly sale by SUEZ (now ENGIE) of a disputed withholding tax ( précompte ) receivable in 2005 for an amount of €995 million (receivable relating to the précompte paid in respect of the 1999-2003 ˱scal years). The Montreuil Administrative Court handed down a judgment in ENGIE’s favor in 2019, which led the French tax authorities to appeal the decision before the Versailles Court of Appeal, which overturned the prior Court’s decision in 2021. On April 14, 2023, the Conseil d’État overturned the Court’s ruling on the grounds that the assigned claim should be classi ˱ed as an advance repayment of non-deductible tax,

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

NOTE 21 INFORMATION CONCERNING RELATED PARTIES

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All material transactions between ENGIE SA and related parties were carried out on an arm’s length basis. Accordingly, no disclosures are required pursuant to the amending decree of Article R.123-198-11 of the French Commercial Code of March 9, 2009.

Relations with the French State

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The French State's golden share in ENGIE, governed by the Energy Code, gives it a limited right of veto on certain decisions concerning gas infrastructures in France, which represent only a small percentage of the Group's strategic assets.

The French State’s interest in the Group at December 31, 2025 remained unchanged at 23.64% compared with the previous year. This entitles it to three of the 14 seats on the Board of Directors (one Director representing the State appointed by decree, and two Directors appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting at the proposal of the French State).

Public service engagements in the energy sector are de ˱ned by the Law of January 3, 2003.

The French State holds 34.15% of the theoretical voting rights (34.19% of exercisable voting rights) compared with 34.13% at end-December 2024.

Transmission rates on the NaTran transportation network and the gas distribution network in France, as well as rates for accessing the French LNG terminals and revenues from storage capacities are all regulated.

On May 22, 2019, the PACTE Law (“Action plan for business growth and transformation”) was enacted, enabling the French State to dispose of its ENGIE shares without restriction.

In addition, the French State holds a golden share aimed at protecting France’s critical interests and ensuring the continuity and safeguarding of supplies in the energy sector.

The Law on Energy and Climate enacted on November 8, 2019 will put an end to regulated gas tariffs and will restrict regulated electricity tariffs for consumers and small businesses. The Regulated Gas Tariffs (TRV) came to an end on July 1, 2023.

[Page 526] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

Relations with EDF

With the deployment of smart meters for both electricity and gas, the “common” businesses deployed by the two distributors have evolved signi ˱cantly. Since 2024, the remaining mixed activities have been reduced to occupational medicine, medical advice and the management of rates for residential customers. A project coordinated by the two distributors aims to ˱nalize the unbundling of these activities.

Following the creation on July 1, 2004 of the French gas and electricity distribution network operator ( EDF Gaz de France Distribution ), Gaz de France SA and EDF entered into an agreement on April 18, 2005 setting out their relationship as regards the distribution business. The December 7, 2006 law on the energy sector reorganized the natural gas and electricity distribution networks. Enedis, a subsidiary of EDF SA, and GRDF SA, a subsidiary of ENGIE SA, were created on January 1, 2007 and December 31, 2007, respectively, and act in accordance with the agreement previously signed by the two incumbent operators.

Relations with the CNIEG ( Caisse nationale des industries électriques et gazières )

The Group’s relations with the CNIEG, which manages all old-age, death and disability bene ˱ts for active and retired employees of the Group who belong to the special EGI pension plan, employees of EDF and Non-Nationalized Companies ( entreprises non nationalisées – ENN), are described in Note 19 Post-employment bene ˱ts and other long-term bene˱t obligations.

NOTE 22 COMPENSATION DUE TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Total compensation (gross salary, bonuses, pro ˱t-sharing incentives and bene˱ts in kind, including related employer contributions) paid to the Chief Executive, and members of the Executive Committee came to €30.6 million for 2025.

Members of the Board of Directors, except for the executive corporate of˱cers, Directors representing employees and employee shareholders, received compensation for their terms of of˱ce. The total amount for 2025 was €0.9 million, being speci˱ed that Directors appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting on a proposal of the French State received 85% of their compensation. This amount of €0.9 million includes the portion paid to the State, i.e., €0.2 million, corresponding to the outstanding 15% of the compensation payable to them and the compensation awarded to the Director representing the French State and appointed by a State order.

French government order No. 2019-697 on top-up pension plans, which was published on July 4, 2019 pursuant to the European Directive of April 16, 2014, abolished the de˱nedbene˱t pension plans governed by Article L.137-11 of the French Social Security Code (known as “Article 39 plans”), froze the rights of existing members and closed the plans to any new members as of that date.

Following the plan’s closure and crystallization of rights accrued in 2019, in 2020 the Group transferred the rights of bene˱ciaries, including Executive Committee members, to a de˱ned contribution plan (known as an “Article 82” plan).

NOTE 23 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

corresponding, for the regulated business, to a multiple of approximately 1.5 times the estimated Regulated Asset Value (RAV) at the end of March 2026 and an estimated 2027 EBITDA multiple of approximately 10 times, including the additional contribution of unregulated assets.

On February 25, 2026, ENGIE S.A., through its subsidiary ENGIE Group Participations (EGP), entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of UK Power Networks (UKPN), an electricity distribution network operator in the United Kingdom. This company operates three electricity distribution licenses covering the London, South East and East of England regions, representing a total network of around 192,000 km. Each year, UKPN distributes 71 TWh of electricity to 8.5 million customers.

ENGIE plans to ˱nance this acquisition through a mix of debt and hybrid issuance for approximately €5 billion, and an asset disposal program representing approximately €4 billion by 2028.

The Group also plans to raise up to €3 billion in equity through an accelerated book building (ABB).

The transaction is based on an equity value (1) of GBP 10.5 billion (€12.1 billion). The enterprise value (1) of the company (at 100%) amounts to GBP 15.8 billion (€18.2 billion)

(1) At the locked-box date, i.e. March 31, 2025.

[Page 527] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

6.4.3 Total and partial transfers of assets, subsidiaries and equity investments requiring statutory disclosure

This Note discloses crossings of thresholds of 10% and 50%, which correspond to the percentage holdings above which an entity becomes, respectively, an equity investment and a subsidiary according to the French Commercial Code ( Code du commerce ).

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

TOTAL AND PARTIAL TRANSFERS OF ASSETS

Net book value of shares sold

Reclassi ˱cation within the Group Sale outside the Group

% at Dec. 31, 2024

% at Dec. 31, 2025

(in euros) Business sector

Subsidiaries (1)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Clerival

100.00% 0.00% X 4,450,000.00

Juridical arrangement of movable property management

ENGIE Rassembleur d’Energies 100.00% 0.00% X 50,000,000.00 Investment funds and ˱nancial entities

SI FINANCE 100.00% 0.00% X 13,862,659.88 Investment funds and ˱nancial entities

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Equity investments (2)

DUNKERQUE TERMINAL D.A 35.00% 0.00% X 21,131,508.60 Support activities for hydrocarbon extraction

Gaztransport & Technigaz 5.05% 0.00% X 1,135,974.08 Engineering, technical studies

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Équipe de France fund 11.11% 0.00% X 13,146,363 Investment funds and ˱nancial entities

(1) More than 50%-owned by ENGIE SA. (2) Less than 50%-owned by ENGIE SA.

TOTAL AND PARTIAL PURCHASES OF ASSETS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Book value of shares held

Acquisition outside the Group

% at Dec. 31, 2024

Reclassi ˱cation within the Group

% at Dec. 31, 2025

(in euros) Business sector

Subsidiaries (1)

International Power Ltd. 0.00% 100.00% X 21,005,629,275.00 Energy production, storage, transmission and sale

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

ENGIE Invest International S.A 0.00% 98.00% X 27,040,465,512.72 Business and management consulting

Terra Nova 1 0.00% 100.00% X 5,000.00 Shell company

Terra Nova 2 0.00% 100.00% X 5,000.00 Shell company

Terra Nova 3 0.00% 100.00% X 5,000.00 Shell company

ENGIE Invest 92 0.00% 100.00% X 40,000.00 Shell company

ENGIE Invest 94 0.00% 100.00% X 40,000.00 Shell company

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Equity investments (2) -

(1) More than 50%-owned by ENGIE SA. (2) Less than 50%-owned by ENGIE SA.

[Page 528] Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

6.4.4 Five-year ˱nancial summary

2025 2024 2023 2022 2021

Capital at year-end

Share capital (in euros) 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011

Number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011 2,435,285,011

Maximum number of shares to be issued:

• by converting bonds - - - - -

• by exercising stock options - - - - -

Results of operations for the year (in millions of euros)

Revenues, excluding VAT 35,078 40,805 54,149 68,500 36,224

Income before tax, employee pro ˱t-sharing, depreciation, amortization, provisions and transfer of concession termination amortization 11,172 1,514 169 4,148 659

Income tax (negative ˱gures = bene˱t) (459) (412) (247) (321) (474)

Employee pro˱t-sharing and incentive payments for the year - - - - -

Income after tax, employee pro ˱t-sharing, depreciation, amortization, provisions and transfer of concession termination amortization 1,793 4,460 500 1,697 1,780

Total dividends paid (including on treasury shares) 3,288 3,604 3,482 3,409 2,070

Earnings per share (in euros)

Earnings per share after tax and employee pro ˱t-sharing, but before depreciation, amortization, provisions and transfer of concession termination amortization 4.78 0.79 0.17 1.84 0.47

Income after tax, employee pro˱t-sharing, depreciation, amortization, provisions and transfer of concession termination amortization 0.74 1.83 0.21 0.70 0.73

Dividend per share (1) 1.35 1.48 1.43 1.40 0.85

Headcount

Average number of employees during the year 3,757 3,804 3,974 4,135 4,294

Total payroll 277 284 297 292 277

Total employee bene ˱t obligations paid (social security taxes and contributions to pension plans, welfare plans, etc.) 267 281 234 210 229

(1) Subject to approval by the Board of Directors.

Shareholders at the AGM held to approve the 2025 ˱nancial statements will be asked to approve a dividend of €1.35 per share, representing a total amount of €3,288 million, based on the number of outstanding shares at December 31, 2025. The dividend per share of €1.35 will be increased by 10% for all shares held by the same person for more than two years as of December 31, 2025, provided they are still held on the dividend payment date.

[Page 529] Statutory auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements

6.5 STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

This is a free translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the ˶nancial statements of the Company issued in French and it is provided solely for the convenience of English speaking users.

This statutory auditors’ report includes information required by European regulation and French law, such as information about the appointment of the statutory auditors or veri˶cation of the information concerning the Company presented in the management report.

This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing standards applicable in France.

Year ended December 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To the Engie Shareholders’ Meeting,

Opinion

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

of the Company as at December 31, 2025 and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with French accounting principles.

In compliance with the engagement entrusted to us by your Shareholders’ Meeting, we have audited the accompanying ˱nancial statements of Engie for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The audit opinion expressed above is consistent with our report to the Audit Committee.

In our opinion, the ˱nancial statements give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the ˱nancial position

Basis for opinion

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Audit Framework

déontologie ) for statutory auditors for the period from January 1, 2025 to the date of our report, and speci ˱cally we did not provide any prohibited non-audit services referred to in Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014.

We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suf ˱cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Emphasis of matter

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our report.

Independence

We draw attention to Note 1 “Summary of signi ˱cant accounting policies” and Note 2 “Impacts of ANC Regulation no. 2022-06 on modernizing the ˱nancial statements” to the ˱nancial statements, setting out the impacts of the changes in accounting method resulting from ˱rst-time application of ANC Regulation no. 2022-06. Our opinion is not modi˱ed in respect of this matter.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

We conducted our audit engagement in compliance with independence requirements of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) and the French Code of Ethics ( code de

Justi ˱cation of Assessments - Key Audit Matters

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the annual ˱nancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on speci˱c items of the ˱nancial statements.

In accordance with the requirements of articles L. 821-53 and R. 821-180 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) relating to the justi ˱cation of our assessments, we bring your attention to the key audit matters relating to risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of most signi˱cance in the audit of the ˱nancial statements of the current period, as well as our responses to those risks.

Measurement of equity securities

(Notes 1 - “Summary of signi ˶cant accounting policies” and 5 - “Financial ˶xed assets” to the ˶nancial statements).

Key audit matter Our response

Equity securities had a gross value of €118.2 billion and a net value of €99.7 billion as of December 31, 2025.

We assessed Management procedures for approving estimates of the value of equity investments.

Newly-acquired equity investments are recognized at purchase price plus directly attributable transaction fees.

Equity investments which your Company intends to hold on a long-term basis are written down if their value in use has

We examined the main data and key assumptions used to determine the values in use, assessed the sensitivity of measurements to these assumptions and the consistency of calculations performed by your Company with the support of our valuation specialists.

[Page 530] Statutory auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements

Key audit matter Our response

Our work mainly consisted in:

fallen below their book value, including the allocated technical losses, as stated in the “Financial ˱xed assets” paragraph of Note 1 to the ˱nancial statements.

• examining the measurement methods used to estimate values in use;

• assessing the consistency of assumptions with your Group’s long-term reference scenarios (electricity and gas prices and demand, price of CO2, in ˳ation) with external studies carried out by international organizations or energy experts;

• examining the consistency of the operational and regulatory assumptions used to prepare cash ˳ow forecasts for each of the entities;

Value in use is determined by reference to (i) the intrinsic value which corresponds to restated net assets plus unrealized gains for investment entities, (ii) the yield value which corresponds to the average of the last twenty stock market prices of the period for listed entities, or (iii) expected cash ˳ows or dividends (“Discounted Cash Flow” or “Dividend Discount Model”) of operating entities, and by taking into account any currency hedges.

• examining the discount rates for which we have veri ˱ed the determination methods and the consistency with the underlying market assumptions;

• assessing the methods for determining cash ˳ow forecasts by examining:

• the consistency of the basic data with the budget, the medium-term business plan and beyond, the Group’s reference scenario;

As indicated in Note 5.2 to the ˱nancial statements, expected cash ˳ows are drawn from the 2026 budget and 2027-2028 medium-term business plan approved by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors. Beyond this period, extrapolated future cash ˳ow projections are determined on the basis of macroeconomic assumptions and price projections featured in your Group’s long-term reference scenario for 2029-2050 reviewed and approved by the Executive Committee

• the consistency with past performances and market outlook;

We also assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in Notes 1 and 5 to the ˱nancial statements.

As disclosed in Note 5.2 to the ˱nancial statements, the net charge to provisions recognized in 2025 of €9.6 billion mainly covers the equity investment in Electrabel (€6.9 billion) and in ENGIE Energy Services International (€1.5 billion).

The measurement of equity investments is considered a key audit matter given (i) their importance on the balance sheet (78.5% of total assets), (ii) the Management judgments and estimates necessary to estimate their value in use and (iii) the sensitivity of assessments to the assumptions adopted in an economic and ˱nancial environment that remains sensitive to changes in the energy markets and the consequences of which make it dif˱cult to assess the medium-term economic outlook.

Revenue relating to sales of electricity and gas delivered but not metered and not invoiced (“energy in the meter”)

(Notes 1 “Summary of signi ˶cant accounting policies”, 7.1 “Maturity of receivables” and 14.1 “Breakdown of revenues” to the ˶nancial statements).

Key audit matter Our response

The procedures conducted on estimates of un-metered revenue delivered mainly consisted in:

Your Company makes estimates and uses judgments for the recognition of sales of electricity and gas delivered but not metered and not invoiced (known as “energy in the meter”).

• obtaining an understanding of the internal control procedures covering the billing process, and the processes securing the reliability of the accounting estimates for energy in the meter;

The measurement of revenue relating to sales of electricity and gas for customers which are only metered during the course of the accounting period represents a material estimate at the year end.

• assessing the relevance of the estimation models and reviewing the methods of calculating the estimated energy volumes by including an algorithm specialist in our audit team;

• comparing the information on the volumes delivered and determined by your Company with the metering data provided by the grid operators;

As the meter readings are sometimes communicated by grid managers several months after the actual delivery date, your Company is required to estimate the energy delivered but not metered at the year end. As of December 31, 2025, receivables relating to revenue in the meter (delivered gas and electricity that is unbilled and un-metered) totaled €2.4 billion.

• verifying that the methods used to calculate the average price of the un-metered delivered power take account of its age in the meter and the different customer categories;

• analyzing the consistency of the volumes committed in the employment operations (sales, injections and stocks) with the energy resources (purchases, withdrawals and stocks) on the networks;

These receivables are determined using a method that takes into account an estimate of customers’ consumption based on the previous bill, or the last metering not yet billed, in line with the volume of energy allocated by grid managers, carried out using measurement and modeling tools developed by your Company.

• assessing the regular clearance of the metered energy during the year ended December 31, 2025; and

The volumes are measured at the average energy price, taking into account the customer type and the age of the energy in the meter.

[Page 531] Statutory auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements

Key audit matter Our response

• assessing the age of the energy in the meter at the year end.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Considering the amount of revenue at stake and the sensitivity of the estimates to assumptions regarding average energy volumes and prices, and the judgments exercised, we have considered the estimate of the portion of revenue delivered but not metered and not invoiced to be a key audit matter.

Speci ˱c veri˱cations

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

We have also performed, in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the speci ˱c veri˱cations required by French law and regulations.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Information given in the management report and in the other documents addressed to shareholders with respect to the ˱nancial position and the ˱nancial statements

Concerning the information given in accordance with the requirements of Article L. 22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) relating to remunerations and bene ˱ts received by or awarded to the directors and any other commitments made in their favor, we have veri˱ed its consistency with the ˱nancial statements, or with the underlying information used to prepare these ˱nancial statements and, where applicable, with the information obtained by your Company from controlled enterprises included in the scope of consolidation. Based on these procedures, we attest the accuracy and fair presentation of this information.

We have no matters to report on the fair presentation and consistency with the ˱nancial statements of the information given in the Board of Directors’ management report and in the other documents with respect to the ˱nancial position and the ˱nancial statements provided to shareholders.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

With respect to the information relating to items that your Company considered likely to have an impact in the event of a takeover bid or exchange offer, provided pursuant to Article L. 22-10-11 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ), we have agreed this information to the source documents communicated to us. Based on these procedures, we have no observations to make on this information.

We attest the fair presentation and consistency with the ˱nancial statements of the information relating to payment deadlines mentioned in Article D. 441-6 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ).

Other information

Information relating to corporate governance

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

We attest that the Board of Directors’ report on corporate governance contains the information required by Articles L. 225-37-4, L. 22-10-10 and L. 22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ).

In accordance with French law, we have veri ˱ed that the required information concerning the purchase of investments and controlling interests and the identity of the shareholders and holders of the voting rights has been properly disclosed in the management report.

Other Legal and Regulatory Veri ˱cations or Information

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Format of presentation of the ˱nancial statements intended to be included in the annual ˱nancial report

We have no responsibility to verify that the ˱nancial statements that will ultimately be included by your Company in the annual ˱nancial report ˱led with the AMF are in agreement with those on which we have performed our work.

Appointment of the Statutory Auditors

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

We were appointed as statutory auditors of Engie by the Annual General Meeting held on July 16, 2008 for DELOITTE & ASSOCIES and on May 19, 2008 for ERNST& YOUNG et Autres.

As of December 31, 2025, we were both in the eighteenth year of uninterrupted engagement.

ERNST & YOUNG Audit was previously statutory auditor between 1995 and 2007.

We have also veri ˱ed, in accordance with the professional standard applicable in France relating to the procedures performed by the statutory auditor relating to the annual and consolidated ˱nancial statements presented in the European single electronic format, that the presentation of the ˱nancial statements included in the annual ˱nancial report mentioned in Article L. 451--1--2, I of the French Monetary and Financial Code ( code monétaire et ˶nancier ), prepared under the responsibility of the Chief Executive Of ˱cer, complies with the single electronic format de˱ned in the European Delegated Regulation No 2019/815 of December 17, 2018.

Based on the work we have performed, we conclude that the presentation of the ˱nancial statements intended to be included in the annual ˱nancial report complies, in all material respects, with the European single electronic format.

[Page 532] Statutory auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements

In preparing the ˱nancial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless it is expected to liquidate the Company or to cease operations.

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the ˱nancial statements in accordance with French accounting principles, and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of ˱nancial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

The Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring the ˱nancial reporting process and the effectiveness of internal control and risk management systems and, where applicable, its internal audit, regarding the accounting and ˱nancial reporting procedures.

The ˱nancial statements were approved by the Board of Directors.

Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Objectives and audit approach

Our role is to issue a report on the ˱nancial statements. Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ˱nancial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to in˳uence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these ˱nancial statements.

• Assesses the appropriateness of Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signi ˱cant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. This assessment is based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of his audit report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. If the statutory auditor concludes that a material uncertainty exists, there is a requirement to draw attention in the audit report to the related disclosures in the ˱nancial statements or, if such disclosures are not provided or inadequate, to modify the opinion expressed therein;

As speci˱ed in Article L. 821-55 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ), our statutory audit does not include assurance on the viability of the Company or the quality of management of the affairs of the Company.

• Evaluates the overall presentation of the ˱nancial statements and assesses whether these statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Report to the Audit Committee

As part of an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the statutory auditor exercises professional judgment throughout the audit and furthermore:

We submit a report to the Audit Committee which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit program implemented, as well as signi ˱cant audit ˱ndings. We also report, if any, signi˱cant de˱ciencies in internal control regarding the accounting and ˱nancial reporting procedures that we have identi˱ed.

• Identi ˱es and assesses the risks of material misstatement of the ˱nancial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designs and performs audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtains audit evidence considered to be suf˱cient and appropriate to provide a basis for his opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;

Our report to the Audit Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of most signi˱cance in the audit of the ˱nancial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters that we are required to describe in this report.

• Obtains an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control;

• Evaluates the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by Management in the ˱nancial statements;

We also provide the Audit Committee with the declaration referred to in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/ 2014, con˱rming our independence pursuant to the rules applicable in France as de˱ned in particular by Articles L. 821-27 to L. 821-34 of the French Commercial Code ( code de commerce ) and in the French Code of ethics ( code de déontologie ) for statutory auditors. Where appropriate, we discuss with the Audit Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and the related safeguards.

Paris-La Défense, March 6, 2026

The Statutory Auditors

French original signed by

DELOITTE & ASSOCIES ERNST & YOUNG et Autres

Laurence Dubois Nadia Laadouli Sarah Kokot Guillaume Rouger

[Page 533] ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

7.3 Litigation and arbitration 534

7.1 General information on ENGIE and its bylaws 532

7.4 Public documents 534

7.1.1 Company name and trading name 532

7.1.2 Registration place and number and LEI 532

7.1.3 Date of incorporation and term 532

7.5 Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document 534

7.1.4 Registered of ˱ce, legal form, legislation, address and website 532

7.6 Conversion table 535

7.1.5 Corporate purpose 532

7.1.6 Purpose 533

7.7 Units of measurement 535

7.1.7 Fiscal year 533

7.8 Short forms and acronyms 536

7.2 Material contracts 533

7.2.1 Contracts completed in 2024 533

7.9 Glossary 537

7.2.2 Contracts in progress at the end of ˱scal year 2024 and completed in 2025 533

7.10 Cross-reference table 540

7.2.3 Contracts signed after the 2024 reporting date 533

7.2.4 Contracts completed in 2025 533

7.2.5 Contracts in progress at the end of ˱scal year 2025 533

7.2.6 Contracts signed after the 2025 reporting date 533

7.2.7 Borrowing and financing contracts 533

[Page 534] Additional information

General information on ENGIE and its bylaws

7.1 GENERAL INFORMATION ON ENGIE AND ITS BYLAWS

7.1.1 Company name and trading name

The company name and trading name of the Company is ENGIE.

7.1.2 Registration place and number and LEI

ENGIE is registered in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under No. 542 107 651.

Its APE (principal activity) code is 3523Z.

Its legal entity identi ˱er (LEI) is LAXUQCHT4FH58LRZDY46.

The name of the stock is ENGIE and its ticker symbol is “ENGI.”

7.1.3 Date of incorporation and term

The Company was incorporated as an EPIC (French public industrial and commercial enterprise) on April 8, 1946, and registered in the Trade and Companies Register on December 24, 1954. ENGIE has been a French public limited company since November 20, 2004.

The Company’s term is ˱xed at 99 years as of November 20, 2004, i.e., until November 17, 2103, unless it is dissolved early or its term is extended.

7.1.4 Registered of ˱ce, legal form, legislation, address and website

The registered of ˱ce is located at 67, rue Jules Ferry, 92250 La Garenne-Colombes, France.

Telephone number of registered of˱ce: +33 1 44 22 00 00

ENGIE is a public limited company ( société anonyme ) with a Board of Directors, governed by the laws and regulations applicable to commercial limited companies, subject to speci ˱c laws governing the Company, and by its bylaws.

Website: www.engie.com/en

The information provided on the Company’s website does not form an integral part of this document, unless it is incorporated by reference.

7.1.5 Corporate purpose

Pursuant to Article 2.2 of the bylaws, ENGIE’s corporate purpose is the management and development of its current and future tangible and intangible assets, in France and abroad, by all means and especially to:

• create, acquire, lease, take under lease-management all furnishings, buildings and businesses, lease, install and operate all establishments and businesses relating to one of the aforementioned objectives;

• register, acquire, operate, grant or sell all processes, patents and patent licenses relating to the activities connected with one of the aforementioned objectives;

• prospect, produce, process, import, export, purchase, transport, store, distribute, supply and market natural gas of any kind, in all its forms, and electricity, as well as other forms of energy;

• conduct trading in any energy, particularly natural gas and electricity;

• supply to any type of customer the services related directly or indirectly to the aforementioned activities, including speci ˱c services to facilitate the energy transition;

• perform the public service missions assigned to it by the laws and regulations in force, particularly the Energy Code;

• obtain, acquire, rent and operate, mainly via subsidiaries and holdings, all concessions and undertakings relating to the supply of drinking water to towns or water to industry, the evacuation and puri ˱cation of wastewater, drainage and wastewater treatment operations, irrigation and transport, protection and pondage structures as well as all sales and service activities to public authorities and individuals in the development of towns and the management of the environment;

• study, design and implement all projects and all public or private work on behalf of any local authorities, companies and individuals; prepare and sign all treaties, public and private contracts relating to the execution of said projects and work;

• and in general to carry out all industrial, commercial, ˱nancial, personal property or real estate operations and activities of any kind, including services, in particular insurance intermediation, acting as an agent or delegated agent in a complementary, independent or research position; these operations and activities being directly or indirectly related, in whole or in part, to any one of the aforementioned objectives, to any similar, complementary or related objectives and to those that may further the development of the Company’s business.

• participate directly or indirectly in all operations or activities of any kind that may be related to one of the aforementioned objectives, or which could ensure the development of the corporate holdings, including research and engineering activities, via the formation of companies or new businesses, contribution, subscription or sales of securities or corporate rights, acquisitions of interests and stakes, in any form, in all existing or future businesses or companies, merger, association, or in any other manner;

[Page 535] Additional information

Material contracts

7.1.6 Purpose

Pursuant to Article 2.1 of the bylaws, the purpose ( raison d’être ) of ENGIE is to take action to accelerate the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, through low-energy solutions that are more respectful of the environment. This purpose brings together the company and its employees, customers and shareholders and reconciles ˱nancial performance and positive impact on people and the planet. ENGIE’s action is assessed in its entirety and over time.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

7.1.7 Fiscal year

The Company’s ˱scal year lasts for 12 months, starting on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

7.2 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

The Group’s main contracts, other than contracts concluded in the ordinary course of business, are as follows:

7.2.1 Contracts completed in 2024

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Partial disposal of a 15% stake in Transportadora Associada de Gás S.A. (“TAG”); disposal of a 50% stake in Energia Mayakan S. de R.L. de C.V. (“Mayakan”).

See Note 4.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

7.2.2 Contracts in progress at the end of ˱scal year 2024 and completed in 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Partial or complete disposal of a series of shareholdings in Touat (Algeria), Sa ˱ (Morocco) and Uch (Pakistan).

See Note 4.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

7.2.3 Contracts signed after the 2024 reporting date

Not material.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

7.2.4 Contracts completed in 2025

Disposal of shareholdings in Gaztransport & Technogaz (“GTT”); ENGIE Services US (“ESUS”) in the United States, and thermal assets in the Middle East (Bahrain and Kuwait).

Acquisition of a 157 MW renewable energy portfolio in the United Kingdom and two hydroelectric plants in Brazil with a combined installed capacity of 612 MW.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

On March 21, 2025, ENGIE and the Belgian government completed the transaction covering the extension of the Tihange 3 and Doel 4 nuclear reactors and the transfer of responsibility related to nuclear waste. This ˱nal step follows on from the European Commission's approval on February 21, 2025.

See Note 4.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

7.2.5 Contracts in progress at the end of ˱scal year 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The ENGIE Group has signed an agreement to sell the entire ENGIE Home Services (“EHS”) group in December 2025.

See Note 4.1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

7.2.6 Contracts signed after the 2025 reporting date

On February 25, 2026, ENGIE signed an agreement to acquire 100% of UK Power Networks (“UKPN”), an electricity distribution network operator in the United Kingdom. This company operates three electricity distribution licenses covering London, the South East and East of England, representing a total network of around 192,000 km. Every year, UKPN distributes 71 TWh of electricity to 8.5 million customers.

See Note 24 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

7.2.7 Borrowing and ˱nancing contracts

See Notes 14.2 and 14.3 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements and Note 12.2 of Section 6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements.

[Page 536] Additional information

Litigation and arbitration

7.3 LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

In the course of its operations, the Group is engaged in a certain number of legal disputes and arbitration procedures and is also subject to investigations and procedures under competition law. The principal investigations and proceedings are described in Note 23 “Legal and anti-trust proceedings” of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements and Note 20 “Legal and anti-trust proceedings” of Section 6.4.2 Notes to the parent company ˱nancial statements.

7.4 PUBLIC DOCUMENTS

The ENGIE Universal Registration Document is translated into English. In the event of discrepancies, the original French version takes precedence.

As well as this Universal Registration Document, which is ˱led with the AMF, the Group publishes an integrated report each year.

The documents relating to ENGIE that must be made available to the public (bylaws, reports, historical ˱nancial information on ENGIE, as well as on the Group subsidiaries included or mentioned in this Universal Registration Document and those relating to each of the two ˱scal years prior to the ˱ling of this Universal Registration Document) may be consulted at ENGIE’s corporate headquarters for as long as this Universal Registration Document remains valid.

The documents published on the website are available free of charge from ENGIE, 67, rue Jules Ferry, 92250 La GarenneColombes, France.

These documents may also be obtained in electronic format from the ENGIE website (www.engie.com/en) and some of them may be obtained from the French ˱nancial markets authority (Autorité des marchés ˱nanciers – AMF) website (www.amf-france.org/en).

7.5 PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document

Catherine MacGregor, Chief Executive Of ˱cer.

Statement by the person responsible for the Universal Registration Document containing the Annual Financial Report

“I hereby certify that the information contained in this Universal Registration Document is, to my knowledge, in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.

I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the annual and consolidated ˱nancial statements have been prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities, ˱nancial position and pro˱t or loss of the Issuer and all the undertakings included in the scope of consolidation, and that the management report, whose sections are mentioned in Chapter 7 of this Universal Registration Document, presents a true and fair view of the development and pro˱t and loss of the Company and the ˱nancial position of the Issuer and all the undertakings included in the scope of consolidation, together with a description of the main risks and uncertainties to which they are exposed and that it is prepared in accordance with sustainability reporting standards.”

La Garenne-Colombes, March 12, 2026

The Chief Executive Of˱cer

Catherine MacGregor

[Page 537] Additional information

Units of measurement

7.6 CONVERSION TABLE

1 kWh 0.09 m 3 of natural gas (i.e., 1 m 3 of gas = 11 kWh)

1 GWh 91,000 m 3 of natural gas

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

1 TWh or 1 billion kWh 91 million m 3

1 billion m 3 of gas 6.2 million barrels of oil equivalent (in Mboe)

The units of conversion mentioned above are those routinely used by professionals in the energy sector. In this document they are provided solely for information purposes.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

7.7 UNITS OF MEASUREMENT

A Ampere

Bar Unit of measurement of ˳uid pressure, particularly for natural gas (1 bar = 105 Pascal)

BOE Barrel of oil equivalent (1 barrel = 159 liters)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

CO 2 eq. Carbon dioxide equivalent

G Giga (billion)

GBq Giga becquerel

GW Gigawatt (billion watts)

GWh Gigawatt-hour (million kilowatt-hours)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

GWheeq GWh electric equivalent

J Joule

k Kilo (thousand)

km Kilometers

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

kW Kilowatt (thousand watts)

kWh Kilowatt-hour (thousand watt-hours)

m Meter

m 2 Square meter

m 3 Cubic meter

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

M Mega (million)

Mboe Million barrels oil equivalent

Mtpa Million metric tons per annum

MW Megawatt (million watts)

MWp Megawatt-peak (unit of measurement for the power of solar power installations)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

MWe Megawatt electric

MWh Megawatt-hour (thousand kilowatt-hours)

T Tera (thousand billion)

TBq Terabecquerel

t/h Metric tons per hour

TWh Terawatt-hour (billion kilowatt-hours)

V Volt

W Watt

Wh Watt-hour

[Page 538] Additional information

Short forms and acronyms

7.8 SHORT FORMS AND ACRONYMS

K

A

KPI: Key Performance Indicator

ACGC: Appointments, Compensation and Governance Committee

AMEA : Asia, Middle East, Africa

L

AMF: Autorité des marchés ˶nanciers (French ˱nancial markets authority)

LEAP: Locate, Evaluate, Assess, Prepare

LNG: Lique ˱ed Natural Gas – see Glossary

B

LTO: Long Term Operation

BtoB: Business to Business

M

BtoC: Business to Consumer

MtM: Mark to Market (fair value investment)

C

MTP: Medium-Term Business Plan

CAPEX: Capital expenditure

N

CCGT: Combined Cycle Gas Turbine

CER: Certi ˱ed Emission Rec gv

NFS: Non-Financial Statement

CIT: Investment and Technology Committee

NGO: Non-governmental organization

CSRD: Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive

NO x : Nitrogen oxide

NRE: New and Renewable Energy sources: wind, solar, hydro, etc.

CRE: Commission de régulation de l’énergie (French energy regulator)

NRIgs: Net Recurring Income/(Loss) Group share

CRM: Capacity Remuneration Mechanism – see Glossary

CSR: Corporate Social Responsibility

O

OPEX: Operating expenses

E

OTI: Organisme tiers indépendant (Independent third party)

E&P: Exploration & Production of hydrocarbon

EBIT: Earnings Before Interest and Taxes – see Glossary

P

PPA: Power Purchase Agreement (often long-term)

EBITDA: Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization – see Glossary

R

EESDC: Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee

R: Revenues

EGI: Electric and Gas Industries – see Glossary

R&D: Research and Development

EMAS: Eco-Management and Audit Scheme – see Glossary

R&I: Research and Innovation

EMTN: Euro Medium Term Note (program)

ROACE: Return On Average Capital Employed

ERM: Enterprise Risk Management

ESC: Energy Savings Certi ˱cates

S

ESG: Environmental, Social and Governance

SBTi: Science-Based Targets initiative – see Glossary

ESRS: European Sustainability Reporting Standards (since 2024)

SDG: Sustainable Development Goal

EUA: European Union Allowance

SEC: Social and Economic Committee

EWC: European Works Council

SO 2 : Sulfur dioxide

G

T

GBU: Global Business Unit

TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

GDPR: General Data Protection Regulation

GEMS: Global Energy Management & Sales

TPA-d: Third-party access to the distribution network – see Glossary

GHG: Greenhouse Gas – see Glossary

TRVE: Tarifs réglementés de vente d’électricité (regulated electricity tariffs)

H

TSR: Total Shareholder Return – see Glossary

HR: Human Resources

U

I

UCITS: Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (money-market funds)

IAS: International Accounting Standards, drawn up internationally by the IASB until 2002

IASB: International Accounting Standards Board

V

VaR: Value at Risk – see Glossary

IFRS: International Financial Reporting Standards, drawn up internationally by the IASB since 2002

INCOME: Internal Control Management Ef ˱ciency (ENGIE Group program)

IS: Information Systems

ISO: International Organization for Standardization – see Glossary

IRO: Impacts Risks and Opportunities – see Glossary

[Page 539] Additional information

Glossary

7.9 GLOSSARY

Afep-Medef Code

Commission de régulation de l’énergie – CRE (French energy regulator)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Code of corporate governance for listed companies in France, in the version published by the Afep and the Medef in December 2022.

Biogas

The CRE is an independent administrative authority. It was created by the French Act of February 10, 2000, to regulate electricity and its scope was extended to include the gas sector with the French Act of January 3, 2003. Its main mission is to ensure the effective, transparent and non-discriminatory implementation of access to electricity and gas networks.

More generally, its role is to ensure that the gas and electricity markets operate properly.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

All gases resulting from the fermentation of organic waste (waste, sludge from sewage treatment plants, etc.) in a depleted air environment, such as methane and carbon dioxide. Such fermentation is the result of natural or controlled bacterial activity. As such, biogas is classi ˱ed as a renewable energy source.

Corporate Power Purchase Agreement (corporate PPA)

Biomass

A corporate Power Purchase Agreement or corporate PPA is a long-term electricity supply agreement between an electricity producer and an electricity end-purchaser.

Mass of non-fossil organic matter of biological origin. Part of this deposit may be used as an energy source.

Decarbonization

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Biomethane

Initiatives aimed at reducing human-induced greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

Green gas comprising a very large proportion of methane molecules. It can be injected into urban gas networks.

Desalination

Capacity Remuneration Mechanism

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

A process used to reduce the salt concentration of sea water in order to make it ˱t for human or animal consumption as well as for other uses, especially industrial uses.

Instrument intended to complement energy markets with a capacity market that ensures the availability of suf ˱cient capacity to ensure the supply of electricity.

Distribution

Carbon neutrality

Balance between greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and carbon removal on a global scale.

Distribution networks are groups of physical structures consisting mainly of medium or low-pressure pipes. They route natural gas to consumers who are not directly connected to the main network or to a regional transmission network.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Certi ˱ed Emission Reduction (CER)

EBIT

Recurring Earnings Before Interest and Taxes, after share of net recurring income of equity-consolidated companies.

Certi ˱cate issued to industries that have invested in developing countries to reduce greenhouse gas emissions there. CERs cannot be directly traded, but may be used in place of CO 2 quotas, with one CER equal to one quota.

EBITDA

Cogeneration

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

EBIT before net depreciation and amortization expenses.

Eco-Management and Audit Scheme (EMAS)

A technique that uses a single fuel, which may be natural gas, to simultaneously produce thermal energy (steam or overheated water or a mixture of air and combustion products) and electricity.

Combined steam cycle plant

A scheme based on ISO 14001 certi ˱cation and an environmental statement certi˱ed by European auditors, accredited and published by the European Commission.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Electricity and Gas Industries (EGI)

A power plant comprising a gas turbine generator, the exhaust gases of which power a steam boiler. The steam produced in the boiler drives a turbo-generator.

Commission de régulation de l’électricité et du gaz – Belgium – CREG (Belgian electricity and gas regulator)

All the companies that produce, transmit or distribute electricity or gas in France and which meet the requirements of the Nationalization Act of April 8, 1946. The EGI sector includes all companies with employees with the status of EGI employees.

Energy trading

The act of exchanging physical or ˱nancial contracts on the short-term energy markets (over-the-counter markets and stock markets).

Independent body responsible for advising the public authorities on the organization and operation of the deregulated gas and electricity markets. It also monitors and controls the application of laws and regulations. A General Council, made up of representatives of federal and regional governments, organizations representing workers, employers and the middle classes, environmental groups, producers, distributors and consumers, oversees its work.

[Page 540] Additional information

Glossary

Gas pipeline

Load-matching

A pipeline that conveys fuel gas.

Green electricity

Certi ˱ed electricity produced from renewable energy sources.

Greenhouse Gas (GHG)

Term referring to the discrepancy between the actual conditions of a customer’s gas consumption and those corresponding to standard purchases over the year of their average daily consumption. Variations (daily, weekly or seasonal) in consumption are generally covered by underground storage, to which customers and their suppliers may have access, either directly (in countries where third-party access to the facilities – regulated or negotiated – is provided) or via a loadmatching service (as in the United States).

Low-carbon gas

Atmospheric gas that contributes to the retention of solar heat. Industries, automobiles, heating systems, livestock farming and other activities produce gases, some of which heighten the greenhouse effect. The greenhouse gas build-up produced by human activity is one of the causes of global warming and its impacts on the earth’s ecosystem.

Green gas

Gas consisting mainly of methane, which can be injected and transported safely in the natural gas network and whose production process does not generate emissions that exceed the threshold set by the French Minister for Energy.

LNG terminal

Low-carbon fuel gas produced from the fermentation of organic matter. A generic term for a gas produced from renewable organic waste (household waste, agro-industrial waste, agricultural waste, etc.).

Green hydrogen

An industrial facility that provides for the receipt, unloading, deposit and regasi ˱cation of LNG and the delivery of natural gas in gaseous form to the transport network. Port facility, with ancillary facilities, to accommodate vessels carrying lique˱ed natural gas (LNG).

Hydrogen produced from renewable energy sources by water electrolysis.

Main network

Impacts, Risks and Opportunities (IRO)

All the high-pressure and large-diameter structures for transmitting natural gas that link the interconnection points with neighboring transmission networks, storage facilities and LNG terminals.

These structures are connected to regional networks as well as certain industrial consumers and distribution networks.

Marketer

All the impacts, risks and opportunities identi ˱ed in the double materiality assessment. Impacts are the effects of the Company’s activities on society and the environment, risks are the threats associated with sustainability matters, and opportunities are the bene˱ts to be gained from a sustainable transition. When applying the CSRD, the Company must explain how these impacts, risks and opportunities are managed and controlled.

Seller of energy to third parties (end customer, distributor, etc.).

International Standards Organization (ISO)

Natural gas liquefaction

Organization that de ˱nes reference systems (industrial standards used as benchmarks).

Transformation of natural gas from gaseous form to liquid form to be transported by ship and/or stored.

Investment Services Provider

Net Zero (Carbon)

Investment services provider approved by the Committee of European Bank Supervisors to transmit and process market orders.

ISO 14001

A climate change mitigation target set by an undertaking to reduce its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (in the case of ENGIE, by at least 90% compared with 2017) and to neutralize dif ˱cult-to-abate residual emissions by helping to develop carbon sinks.

Q-max

An international standard that veri ˱es a company’s organizational procedures and methods, as well as the effective implementation of environmental policy and objectives.

Joint venture

A Q-max-sized ship is 345 meters (1,132 feet) long, 53.8 meters (177 feet) wide and 34.7 meters (114 feet) high, with a draft of approximately 12 meters (39 feet).

It has an LNG capacity of 266,000 cubic meters (9,400,000 cubic feet), equal to 161,994,000 cubic meters (5.7208 × 109 cubic feet) of natural gas.

A term commonly used to describe a project owned by two or more entities. For the consolidation principles and methods applicable to the different types of partnership under IFRS, please see Note 1 of Section 6.2.2 Notes to the consolidated ˱nancial statements.

Regional network

Lique ˱ed Natural Gas (LNG)

All the high-pressure and large-diameter structures that link the interconnection points with neighboring transmission networks, storage facilities and LNG terminals.

Natural gas put into the liquid phase by lowering its temperature to -162°C, making it possible to reduce its volume by a factor of 600.

Regional networks, distribution networks and certain industrial consumers are connected to them.

[Page 541] Additional information

Glossary

Regulated asset base (RAB)

Thermal plant

The regulated asset base is the economic value, as recognized by the regulator, of assets operated by an operator of regulated networks.

Facility in which the chemical energy contained in solid, liquid, or gaseous fossil fuel is transformed exclusively into electricity using boilers and steam turbines.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Renewable energy

Third Party Access to the Distribution Network (TPA-D)

The recognized right of each user (eligible customer, distributor, producer) to access a transmission or distribution network in return for payment for access rights.

Energy from renewable non-fossil sources, namely wind energy, solar energy (solar thermal or photovoltaic), geothermal energy, ambient energy, tide, wave, osmotic and other ocean energy, hydropower, biomass, land ˱ll gas, sewage treatment plant gas and biogas.

Tolling

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

SBTi (certi ˱cation)

Contract for the transformation of a fuel (e.g., natural gas) into electricity on behalf of a third party.

Total Shareholder Return (TSR)

Return of a share over a given period that includes dividends paid and capital gains realized.

Transmission

Certi ˱cation by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), which validates that a company’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets meet scienti˱c recommendations and align with the Paris Agreement to limit the increase in global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre‑industrial levels, and to continue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Scopes 1, 2 and 3

Transmission networks are groups of physical structures consisting of high-pressure pipelines. These route natural gas to industrial consumers who are directly connected and to distribution networks.

ENGIE prepares an annual Group-wide GHG report (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) calculated according to the principles of the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard:

Transmission capacity

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

The highest permissible continuous load of the transmission equipment with respect to the stability of its operating parameters and pressure drop.

• Scope 1 covers the production of electricity through the combustion of fossil fuels in power plants owned or controlled by ENGIE, methane emissions from networks controlled by ENGIE, and ENGIE vehicle ˳eets;

Treasury shares

• Scope 2 covers the production of electricity, heating or cooling purchased and consumed by ENGIE for own use;

Company shares bought back by the Company under an authorization granted by the Shareholders’ Meeting. These shares do not carry voting rights.

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Underground storage

• Scope 3 covers, upstream, the purchase for resale of electricity and heating, the manufacture of goods, services or equipment purchased or leased by ENGIE (including their end of life), the upstream fuel chain (extraction and transport of raw materials), and, downstream, the ˱nal consumption of gas volumes sold by ENGIE, and the production of electricity in power plants not controlled (consolidated under the equity method) by ENGIE.

Use of porous geological formations, natural or arti ˱cial cavities (saline or aquifer) to store liquid or gaseous hydrocarbons.

Value at Risk (VaR)

Smart energy

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

An economically ef ˱cient, durable and secure energy system in which production of renewable energy, the networks and consumption are integrated and coordinated locally through energy services, active users and digital technologies.

Value at Risk is a global indicator used to measure the exposure of a portfolio to the risks of price ˳uctuations and volatility. It measures the amount of potential losses that should only be expected by a given probability over a given time horizon. This indicator is especially well suited for measuring market risks for trading activities.

Storage

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

For example, if the time horizon is one day and the con˱dence level 99%, VaR of €5 million indicates that the probability of losing more than €5 million each day is 1%, i.e., two or three times per year.

Facility that allows natural gas to be stored in the summer when consumption is at its lowest, and to take natural gas out of storage in winter when consumption is higher. Gas storage is an industrial facility, mainly underground, used as a natural gas reserve by natural gas suppliers.

Virtual Power Plant (VPP)

Stress test

Test performed in order to assess resistance to a disaster scenario.

A virtual generation capacity system which involves providing a third party, in return for compensation, with a band of generation capacity without the third party owning a share in the asset and without it being the asset’s operator.

Take-or-pay

Long-term contract where the producer guarantees the supply of gas to an operator and the operator guarantees payment, regardless of whether or not the operator takes delivery.

[Page 542] Additional information

Cross-reference table

7.10 CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE

Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14, 2017 (Prospectus) and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of March 14, 2019

This cross-reference table may be used to identify the information required by Annex 1 (referred from Annex 2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of March 14, 2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, according to the prospectus layout, and to cross-reference it with the corresponding sections of the 2025 Universal Registration Document.

Information provided for in Annexes 1 and 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 Chapter of the 2025 Universal Registration Document Page

1. Persons responsible, information from third parties, expert reports and approval of competent authority

1.1 Name and position of persons responsible 7.5 Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document 534

1.2 Statement by the persons responsible 7.5 Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document 534

1.3 Statement or report attributed to a person acting as an expert N/A N/A

1.4 Third-party certi ˱cation N/A N/A

1.5 Statement without prior approval by the competent authority AMF insert 1

2. Statutory Auditors

2.1 Name and address of Statutory Auditors 4.3.7 Statutory Auditors 317

2.2 Resignation, dismissal or non-renewal of Statutory Auditors 4.3.7 Statutory Auditors 317

3. Risk factors 2 Risk factors and internal control 43

4. Information about the issuer

4.1 Company name and trading name 7.1.1 Company name and trading name 532

4.2 Registration place and number and LEI 7.1.2 Registration place and number and LEI 532

4.3 Date of incorporation and term of the issuer 1.1.2

History and development of the Company

8

7.1.3

Date of incorporation and term

532

7.1.4 Registered of˱ce, legal form, legislation, address and website 532

4.4 Registered of ˱ce and legal form of the issuer, legislation governing its activities, country of origin, address and telephone number of registered of˱ce, website with disclaimer

5. Business overview

5.1 Principal activities 1.1.1

Presentation

8

1.2.4

Organization of the Group

13

1.2

Strategy and objectives

9

1.3

15

Description of the Group’s activities at December 31, 2025

384

388

5.2 Main markets 6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 6.3 (Key indicators by reportable segment) and Note 6.4 (Key indicators by geographic area)

5.3 Signi˱cant events 1.3 Description of the Group’s activities at December 31, 2025 15

5.4 Strategy and objectives 1.2 Strategy and objectives 9

2.2 Risk factors 47

5.5 Degree of dependence of the issuer on patents or licenses, business, commercial or ˱nancial contracts or new manufacturing processes

5.6 Statement on competitive positioning 1.1.1 Presentation 8

[Page 543] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Information provided for in Annexes 1 and 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 Chapter of the 2025 Universal Registration Document Page

5.7 Investments

5.7.1 Principal investments 6.3 Key indicators by reportable segment 384

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.7.2 Major investments in progress 1.2

Strategy and objectives

9

1.3

15

Description of the Group’s activities at December 31, 2025

362

368

5.7.3 Joint ventures and commitments for which the issuer holds a signi ˱cant proportion of the share capital 6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 2 (Main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025) and Note 3 (Investments in equity method entities)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.7.4 Environmental issues potentially affecting the use of property, plant and equipment 3.1.2 Environmental information 103

6. Organizational structure

6.1 Brief description of the Group 1.2.4 Organization of the Group 13

362

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.2 List of signi ˱cant subsidiaries 6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 2 (Main subsidiaries at December 31, 2025)

7. Operating and ˱nancial review 6.1.1 Management report 342

350

7.1 Financial position 6.1.1.10 Maintaining a solid balance sheet (Changes in net ˱nancial debt and Other items of the statement of ˱nancial position)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.1.1 Management report 342

7.1.1 Evolution of results and ˱nancial position including key performance indicators of a ˱nancial and, if applicable, non‑˱nancial nature

Research and innovation

34

7.1.2 Forecasts of future development and research and development activities 1.4

6.2.2

403

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 13.2.4 (Information regarding research and development costs)

7.2 Net operating income/(loss)

342

ENGIE full-year 2025 results

7.2.1 Important factors, unusual and infrequent events or new developments 6.1.1.1

Full-year 2025 ˱nancial review

345

6.1.1.1.9

342

ENGIE full-year 2025 results

7.2.2 Reasons for major changes in net revenues or net income 6.1.1.1

Full-year 2025 ˱nancial review

345

6.1.1.1.9

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

8. Capital resources

8.1 Information on capital 6.1.1.10

350

Other items in the statement of ˱nancial position

6.2.2

379

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 5.4 (Industrial capital employed)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Note 14.3.1 (Net ˱nancial debt by type)

419

Note 16 (Equity)

442

8.2 Cash ˳ow 6.1.1.10 Changes in net ˱nancial debt 350

8.3 Financing requirements and ˱nancing structure 6.1.2.1

353

Borrowing conditions and ˱nancial structure applicable to the issuer

Non-equity securities

323

5.2

413

6.2.2

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 14 (Financial instruments)

8.4 Restrictions on the use of capital 6.1.2.2 Restrictions on the use of capital 353

353

8.5 Expected sources of ˱nancing 6.1.2.3 Expected sources of ˱nancing to honor commitments relating to investment decisions

[Page 544] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Information provided for in Annexes 1 and 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 Chapter of the 2025 Universal Registration Document Page

9. Regulatory environment 1.3

15

Description of the Group’s activities at December 31, 2025

47

Political and regulatory risks

2.2.1

10. Information about trends

1.2

Strategy and objectives

9

6.1

Review of the ˱nancial situation

322

10.1 Signi ˱cant recent trends in production, sales and inventory, and costs and selling prices, any signi˱cant change in the Group’s ˱nancial performance or provide appropriate negative statement

10.2 Information that is reasonably likely to have a material effect on the issuer’s prospects 6.1.1.1.2 2026-2028 outlook and guidance 342

11. Earnings forecasts or estimates

11.1 Earnings forecast or estimate 6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance 343

11.2 Statement setting out main assumptions 6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance 343

11.3 Statement relating to the bases for establishing and developing pro ˱t details and estimates 6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance 343

12. Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies and Executive Management

Governance organization and operations

252

12.1 Information concerning the members of the corporate governance bodies and Executive Management 4.1

Executive Management

4.1.3

286

269

12.2 Con ˳icts of interest 4.1.1.4 Absences of con˳ict of interest or conviction, service agreement and family ties

13. Compensation and bene ˱ts

13.1 Amount of compensation paid and bene ˱ts in kind 4.2 Compensation of corporate of˱cers and members of the Executive Committee 287

13.2 Total amounts set aside or accrued to provide pension, retirement or similar bene˱ts 4.2 Compensation of corporate of˱cers and members of the Executive Committee 287

14. Corporate governance and management bodies practices

14.1 Expiration date of terms of of ˱ce 4.1.1 Membership of the Board of Directors 252

14.2 Service contracts binding members of corporate governance bodies 4.3.3 Service contracts binding members of corporate governance bodies 311

14.3 Information on the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee 4.1.2.4 Committees 278

14.4 Compliance with applicable corporate governance regime 4.1.2

275

Activities and operations of the Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Code

4.4

317

14.5 Potential signi˱cant impacts on corporate governance 4.1.1.11 Changes in membership of the Board of Directors 274

15. Employees

15.1 Number of employees 3.1.3.2.2 Detailed presentation of ENGIE’s employees 152

15.2 Shareholding and stock options 4.1.1.1

255

Pro ˱les, experience and expertise of the Directors in of˱ce

4.2

287

Compensation of corporate of˱cers and members of the Executive Committee

15.3 Arrangements for involving employees in the issuer's capital 3.1.3.2.3 Working conditions and social dialogue 154

[Page 545] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Information provided for in Annexes 1 and 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 Chapter of the 2025 Universal Registration Document Page

16. Major shareholders

Share capital and voting rights

320

16.1 Shareholders with more than 5% of the share capital or voting rights 5.1.1

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.4.3

Disclosure thresholds

338

16.2 Existence of different voting rights 5.1.1.3

Voting rights

320

5.4.4

Golden share

338

16.3 Control of the issuer 5.4.2

Breakdown of share capital

337

5.4.4

Golden share

338

16.4 Agreements relating to change of control 5.4.4 Golden share 338

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

17. Related-party transactions

4.3.2

311

Related-party agreements and transactions

4.5

318

Statutory Auditors’ special report on related-party agreements

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

18. Financial information concerning the issuer’s assets and liabilities, ˱nancial position and pro˱ts and losses

18.1 Historical ˱nancial information 6.2

Consolidated ˱nancial statements

354

6.3

468

Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

6.4

475

Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.5

527

Statutory Auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements

18.2 Interim ˱nancial information 6.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements 354

18.3 Auditing of historical annual ˱nancial information 6.3

468

Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.5

527

Statutory Auditors' report on the ˱nancial statements

18.4 Pro forma ˱nancial information N/A N/A

18.5 Dividend distribution policy 5.4.5 Dividend distribution policy 339

18.6 Legal and arbitration proceedings 6.2.2

462

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 23 (Legal and anti-trust proceedings)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Litigation and arbitration

7.3

534

18.7 Signi˱cant change in the issuer’s ˱nancial position 6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 24 (Subsequent events) 466

19. Additional information

19.1 Share capital 5.1 Information on capital 320

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

5.1.1

Share capital and voting rights

320

5.1.2

Potential capital and share equivalents

320

19.1.1 Amount of subscribed capital, number of shares issued and fully paid up and nominal value per share, number of authorized shares

Authorizations relating to share capital and share equivalent and their utilization

4.3.4

312

19.1.2 Shares not representing capital 5.2 Non-equity securities 323

19.1.3 Number, book value and nominal value of shares held by the issuer 5.1.4.3 Book value and nominal value 323

19.1.4 Convertible securities, exchangeable securities or securities with warrants N/A N/A

[Page 546] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Information provided for in Annexes 1 and 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 Chapter of the 2025 Universal Registration Document Page

N/A N/A

19.1.5 Vesting rights and/or obligations attached to authorized but unissued capital or an undertaking to increase the capital

19.1.6 Options on the capital of members of the Group 5.4.4 Golden share 338

19.1.7 History of share capital 5.1.3 Five-year summary of changes in the share capital 321

19.2 Memorandum and bylaws

19.2.1 Register and corporate purpose 7.1.2

Registration place and number and LEI

532

7.1.5

Corporate purpose

532

19.2.2 Rights, privileges and restrictions attached to shares 5.4.4

Golden share

328

4.3.5

316

Provisions in the bylaws on the participation of shareholders at Shareholders’ Meetings

Golden share

328

19.2.3 Provisions having an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the issuer 5.4.4

4.3.5

316

Provisions in the bylaws on the participation of shareholders at Shareholders’ Meetings

20. Material contracts 7.2 Material contracts 533

21. Available documents 7.4 Public documents 534

Cross-reference table for the annual ˱nancial report

To facilitate the reading of this document, the cross-reference table below may be used to identify, in this Universal Registration Document, the information that constitutes the annual ˱nancial report which must be published by listed companies in accordance with Articles L.451-1-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 222-3 of the General Regulations of the AMF.

Items required Chapter of the Universal Registration Document Page

Annual ˱nancial statements 6.4 Parent company ˱nancial statements at December 31, 2025 475

Consolidated ˱nancial statements 6.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements 354

Management report See speci˱c cross-reference table below 518

Report on corporate governance See speci˱c cross-reference table below 518

Statement by the persons responsible for the Annual Financial Report 7.5 Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document 534

Statutory Auditors’ report on the parent company ˱nancial statements 6.5 Statutory Auditors’ report on the ˱nancial statements 527

Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements 6.3 Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated ˱nancial statements 468

215

Report on the certi˱cation of sustainability information 3.1.6 Report on the certi˱cation of sustainability information and veri˱cation of the disclosure requirements under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, relating to the year ended December 31, 2025

[Page 547] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Cross-reference table for the management report (to which the Report on Corporate Governance and the Sustainability Statement are appended)

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

To facilitate the reading of this document, the cross-reference table below may be used to identify the information which should be included in the management report, in accordance with the provisions of the French Commercial Code applicable to public limited companies with a Board of Directors.

Items required Chapter of the Universal Registration Document Page

1. GROUP POSITION AND ACTIVITY

6.1.1

Management report

342

6.1.1.1.9

Full-year 2025 ˱nancial review

345

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.1.1.1.3

2026-2028 outlook and guidance

343

6.1.2.1

353

Company’s position during the previous ˱scal year and an objective and comprehensive analysis of changes in business, results and the ˱nancial position of the Company and of the Group, in particular its level of debt with respect to the volume and complexity of business

Borrowing conditions and ˱nancial structure applicable to the Issuer

6.2

Consolidated ˱nancial statements

354

Key ˱nancial performance indicators 1.5.3 2025 key ˱nancial ˱gures 36

1.6.2 Achievement of ESG targets by 2030 38

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Key performance indicators of a non-˱nancial nature relevant to the Company and the Group’s speci˱c activity, in particular information relating to environmental and employee matters

6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 24 (Subsequent events) 466

Signi˱cant events, which have occurred between the end of the ˱scal year and the date on which the Management Report was drawn up

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Existing branches N/A N/A N/A

Signi˱cant equity stakes in companies with their head of˱ce in France 6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 4 (Main changes in Group structure) 375

Disposal of cross-shareholdings N/A N/A N/A

Expected Company and Group trends and outlook 6.1.1.1.3 2026-2028 outlook and guidance 343

Research and development activities 1.4

Research and innovation

34

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

6.2.2

402

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 13.2.4 (Information regarding research and development costs)

Table showing the ˱ve-year ˱nancial summary 6.4.4 Five-year ˱nancial summary 526

Information on suppliers' and customers' payment terms 6.1.1.2 Parent company ˱nancial statements 352

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Amount of intercompany loans granted and Statutory Auditors’ statement N/A N/A N/A

2. INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Risk factors

47

Description of the main risks and uncertainties to which the Company is exposed 2.2

3.1

Sustainability Statement

68

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

2.2.2

Risks deriving from climate and environmental issues

49

Environmental information

3.1.2

103

Indications regarding ˱nancial risks related to the effects of climate change and description of the measures taken by the Company to reduce them by implementing a low-carbon strategy in all aspects of its business

[Page 548] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Items required Chapter of the Universal Registration Document Page

2

Risk factors and internal control

43

6.2.2

413

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 14 (Financial instruments)

Indicators regarding hedging targets and policies for each main category of transaction and exposure to price, credit, liquidity and cash ˳ow risks, which includes the use of ˱nancial instruments

Note 15 (Risks arising from ˱nancial instruments)

426

Anti-corruption mechanism 3.1.4.1 Ethics and business conduct 191

Vigilance Plan and report on its effective implementation 3.2 Vigilance Plan 220

3. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information regarding compensation

Compensation policy for corporate of ˱cers 4.2.3

302

2026 compensation policy for the executive corporate of˱cers ( ex-ante say on pay)

4.2.4

2026 compensation policy for Directors

306

4.2.1.3 Summary of the compensation of the executive corporate of˱cers for 2025 292

Compensation and bene ˱ts of any kind paid during the ˱scal year or awarded for the ˱scal year to each corporate of˱cer

Proportion in relation to the ˱xed and variable compensation 4.2.1 Compensation of the executive corporate of˱cers allocated or paid for 2025 ( ex-post say on pay) 287

Use of the possibility to request the restitution of variable compensation N/A N/A N/A

4.2.1.1

287

Compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors – Employment contract, severance pay and non-compete clause

4.2.1.2

288

Commitments of any kind made by the Company in favor of its corporate of ˱cers that correspond to compensation, indemnities or bene˱ts due, or which could be due, for assuming, ending or changing and of˱ce, or subsequent to the exercise of such an of˱ce

Compensation of the Chief Executive Of˱cer – Employment contract, severance pay and non‑compete clause

N/A N/A N/A

Compensation paid or awarded by a Company included in the scope of consolidation as de˱ned in Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code

298

The ratios between the levels of compensation of each corporate of˱cer and the average and median compensation of Company employees

4.2.1.5 Tables comparing the compensation of the executive corporate of˱cers with that of employees – Annual changes in performance and compensation

298

4.2.1.5 Tables comparing the compensation of the executive corporate of˱cers with that of employees – Annual changes in performance and compensation

Annual change in compensation, the Company’s performance, the average compensation of Company employees and the above-mentioned ratios over the past ˱ve ˱scal years

287

4.2.1 Compensation of the executive corporate of˱cers allocated or paid for ˱scal year 2025 ( ex-post say on pay)

Explanation of the way the total compensation respects the compensation policy adopted, including the way in which it contributes to the long-term performance of the Company, and the way in which the performance criteria have been applied

N/A N/A N/A

The way in which the vote of the last Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting, pursuant to paragraph I of Article L.22-10-34 of the French Commercial Code, was taken into consideration

[Page 549] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Items required Chapter of the Universal Registration Document Page

Divergence from the procedure to implement the compensation policy, and any exceptions N/A N/A N/A

N/A N/A N/A

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Application of the provisions of the second paragraph of Article L.225-45 of the French Commercial Code (suspension of the payment of directors’ compensation in the event of non‑compliance with gender equality in the Board of Directors)

Allocation of options to corporate of ˱cers and lock‑up rules N/A N/A N/A

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

288

Allocation of bonus shares to corporate of˱cers and lock-up rules 4.2.1.2

Compensation of the Chief Executive Of˱cer – Long‑term incentive compensation (performance shares)

4.2.6

Award of performance shares

306

Information on governance

4.1.1.1

255

Pro˱les, experience and expertise of the Directors in of˱ce

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

List of all positions and functions held in any company by each corporate of ˱cer during the ˱scal year

4.1.1.6

Multiple directorships

271

311

Agreements between an executive of˱cer or a major shareholder and a subsidiary 4.3.1

Agreements relating to current operations and entered into under normal conditions

4.3.2

Related-party agreements and transactions

311

4.5

Statutory Auditors’ special report on related-party agreements

318

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.3.4 Authorizations relating to the share capital and share equivalents and their use 312

Summary table of authorizations currently in force granted by the Shareholders’ Meeting relating to a capital increase

Executive Management procedures 4.1.3 Executive Management 286

4.1.1

Membership of the Board of Directors

252

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

4.1.2

Activities and operations of the Board of Directors

275

Membership and conditions governing the preparation and organization of the work of the Board

4.1.1.7 Diversity policy for members of the Board of Directors 271

Diversity policy of the Board of Directors and application of the principle of equal representation of women and men on the Board of Directors

Corporate governance

251

Potential limitations applied by the Board to the powers exercised by the Chief Executive Of˱cer 4

4.1.2

Activities and operations of the Board of Directors

275

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Reference to a corporate governance code and application of the “comply or explain” principle 4.4 Corporate Governance Code 317

Changes in membership of the Board of Directors

274

Speci˱c conditions governing the participation of shareholders in the Shareholders’ Meeting 4.1.1.11

4.3.5

316

Provisions in the bylaws on the participation of shareholders at Shareholders’ Meetings

311

CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C CH1C

Assessment procedure for current agreements – Implementation 4.3.1

Agreements relating to current operations and entered into under normal conditions

4.3.2

Related-party agreements and transactions

311

4.5

Statutory Auditors’ special report on relatedparty agreements

318

Information that may have an impact in the event of a public tender offer or exchange offer 4.3.6 Information on elements that could have an impact on takeover bids or public exchange offers 317

[Page 550] Additional information

Cross-reference table

Items required Chapter of the Universal Registration Document Page

Internal control and risk management system

2.1

Risk management process

45

2.3.3

Internal control relating to ˱nancial information

64

Main features of the internal control and risk management procedures introduced, by the Company and by the Group, relating to the preparation and processing of accounting and ˱nancial information

4. SHAREHOLDING AND SHARE CAPITAL

Breakdown of share capital

337

Structure, change in the Company’s share capital and disclosure thresholds 5.4.2

5.4.3

Disclosure thresholds

338

5.4.4

Golden share

338

Stock repurchase

322

Purchase and disposal by the Company of its own shares 5.1.4

6.2.2

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 16 (Equity)

442

Breakdown of share capital

337

Employee stake in share capital on the last day of the ˱scal year (share of the capital represented) 5.4.2

3.1.3.2.3

Working conditions and social dialogue

154

Any adjustments for share equivalents in the event of share buybacks or ˱nancial transactions N/A N/A N/A

Information on transactions by directors and related parties involving the Company’s shares 4.2.6.4 Summary of transactions disclosed by executive management and corporate of˱cers in 2025 310

Amount of dividends distributed for the previous three ˱scal years 5.4.5 Dividend distribution policy 339

5. SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

Business model and strategy 3.1.1

General information

78

3.1.1.2

Strategy – Business model – Value chain

79

Sustainability-related targets set by the Company and progress made in meeting these targets 3.1 Sustainability Statement 68

3.1.1

General information

78

3.1.2

Environmental information

103

Role of management and administrative bodies with regard to sustainability matters, and the related skills and expertise of members of these bodies

The Company’s policies with regard to sustainability matters 3.1 Sustainability Statement 68

3.1.1 General information 78

Sustainability-related incentives offered by the Company to members of management and administrative bodies

3.1.1 General information 78

The Company’s due diligence process with regard to sustainability matters and the negative impacts identi ˱ed as part of this process

3.1 Sustainability Statement 68

Main actual or potential negative impacts, actions taken to identify, monitor, prevent, mitigate or bring to an end these negative impacts and the results of such actions

3.1 Sustainability Statement 68

The Company’s main sustainability-related risks, including its main dependencies, and how it manages those risks

6. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional tax information 6.2.2 Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 11 (Income tax expense) 395

462

Injunctions or ˱nancial sanctions for anti‑trust practices 6.2.2

Consolidated ˱nancial statements – Note 23 (Legal and anti-trust proceedings)

7.3

Litigation and arbitration

534

[Page 551] Photo credits: ENGIE/EMYN – A. Jaffry Drone/Vincent Breton/Martin Colombet Offshore wind farm in the Îles d'Yeu and Noirmoutier (Vendée, France).

Assignment of copyright: All rights assigned for internal and external (international) communication excluding the purchase of advertising space, advertorials, promotional objects, books sold, cinema, broadcasting and any other commercial use.

Graphic design by PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory

Contact: fr_content_and_design@pwc.com

Tel.: +33 (0)7 60 66 70 83

[Page 552] A public limited company with a share capital of €2,542,427,868

Corporate headquarters: 67, rue Jules Ferry

92250 La Garenne-Colombes – France

Tel.: +33 0(1) 44 22 00 00

Register of commerce: 542 107 651 RCS NANTERRE

VAT FR 13 542 107 651

engie.com