[Page 1] 2 0 2 4 I N T E G R A T E D R E P O R T

[Page 2] 06 MESSAGE FROM JEAN LEMIERRE

08 INTERVIEW WITH JEAN-LAURENT BONNAFÉ

12 BNP PARIBAS, A EUROPEAN LEADER SERVING A SUSTAINABLE ECONOMY

04 VISION

16 OUR FINANCIAL AND EXTRA-FINANCIAL INDICATORS

Driven by a long-term commitment

20 THE CHALLENGES WE FACE COLLECTIVELY

which we bring to life every day, we give impetus to all those who

26 LISTENING TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS

act for a better future.

30 OUR STRATEGIC PLAN ENTERS ITS FINAL STAGE

34 A DIVERSIFIED AND INTEGRATED

MODEL CREATING VALUE

36 THREE OPERATING DIVISIONS

In 2024, a year that once again highlighted the scale of the challenges facing our societies, we stood by our clients more than ever. All over the world, we have offered advice and support while

SERVING OUR CLIENTS

28 IMPETUS

helping them to realise their projects and achieve their goals.

42 OUR GOVERNANCE BODIES

Driven by a long-term commitment that we bring to life every day,

43 OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

we give impetus to all those who act for a better future.

44 OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Believing that every action counts, we mobilise our teams, resources and expertise to create value for the economy and society.

46 OUR EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

As Business Enablers, Innovation Catalysts, Transition Makers and

Inclusion Advocates, we are working in unison to shape a more

resilient and sustainable world.

Together with our clients, our employees, our shareholders

50 BUSINESS ENABLERS REINFORCING OUR POSITIONS TO BETTER SERVE OUR CLIENTS

and our partners, we are driving this transformation.

58 INNOVATION CATALYSTS INTEGRATING TECHNOLOGY

INTO OUR SOLUTIONS

48 ACCELERATION

66 TRANSITION MAKERS SUPPORTING OUR CLIENTS IN THEIR TRANSITION PROJECTS

74 INCLUSION ADVOCATES

ACTING FOR FINANCIAL AND SOCIAL INCLUSION

3 2

[Page 3] 06

MESSAGE FROM JEAN LEMIERRE

08

VISION

INTERVIEW WITH JEAN-LAURENT BONNAFÉ

IMPETUS

12 BNP PARIBAS, A EUROPEAN LEADER SERVING A SUSTAINABLE ECONOMY

16 OUR FINANCIAL AND EXTRA-FINANCIAL INDICATORS

ACCELERATION

20 THE CHALLENGES WE FACE COLLECTIVELY

26 LISTENING TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS

A

s a global European leader, BNP Paribas contributes to a sustainable economy by combining growth and positive impact. By placing the needs of our stakeholders at the heart of our strategic choices, we are harnessing our financial strength and the collective performance of our teams to continue our development across all our business lines and all our regions.

[Page 4] Wero account-to-account digital payment service, the sovereign solution designed by and for Europeans as part of the European Payments Initiative (EPI).

G

European growth will remain low in 2025. However, nothing is set in stone, and positive signs are discernible. Among the most significant indicators, the European Central Bank (ECB) is continuing to lower interest rates as inflation is contained. The dynamism of southern European countries and the prospect of easing regulations are other factors to elicit optimism. In this regard, I hope that the European Commission’s Competitiveness Compass (1) may serve as a roadmap to put the European economy back in the global race. Europe must reform by simplifying: bolstering its competitiveness and its capacity to innovate will make it more resilient in this new global order.

eopolitical tensions have been rising over several months. We are observing a world that is fragmenting and a new balance is emerging. In Ukraine, after three years of war, the population is exhausted. In the Middle East, the first phase of a truce ended with great uncertainty. In Syria, after the fall of Bashar al-Assad, the transition remains uncertain. In the United States, the Trump administration’s rise to power has led to restructured global relations, both diplomatic, as we see on the issue of the war in Ukraine, and economic, with another sharp increase in trade tensions.

We back European champions in the race for innovation by engaging in developing artificial intelligence (AI). To ensure that Europe is not left behind in the AI market, we must support investment in projects and infrastructure. We furthermore actively seek to develop use cases, notably through our partnership with Mistral AI, to meet the challenges faced by corporate clients, such as improving the customer experience, generating additional revenues, optimising costs and reinforcing risk management.

BNP PARIBAS AT THE SERVICE OF EUROPEAN SOVEREIGNTY

EUROPE IN RELATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND CHINA

In this new world order, Europe must redefine its position to assert its interests, its values and its model. It can benefit from the negative effects, in the United States and China, of their fight for global leadership. As regards China, the tariffs imposed by the American

CONTRIBUTING TO REINFORCING ”

As a leader in banking and financial services in Europe, BNP Paribas is strong, resilient and profitable and is a major player in financing the economy, the transformations under way, and in supporting Europe’s sovereignty in strategic sectors. Our very robust 2024 results exceeded our targets, and we are committed to an ambitious 2025-2026 trajectory based on the strength of our diversified and integrated model, our financial solidity, the quality of our client portfolio, the stability of our governance and the expertise of our teams.

Financing the ecological transition is my next focus. While the effects of climate change and the collapse of biodiversity are increasingly tangible, as dramatically illustrated by the natural disasters in Spain, Mayotte and Réunion, we must work alongside our corporate, institutional and individual clients to pursue the efforts needed to make our economies more sustainable. We are in line with our Sustainability trajectory, particularly in terms of supporting energy companies in their low-carbon projects.

European sovereignty

To conclude, it should be recalled that to meet the immense funding needs of these transformations, it is essential to create the unified European capital market that we have long been calling for. This is one of the conditions for restoring Europe’s competitiveness.

in a new world order.

“Europe must reform by simplifying: bolstering its competitiveness and its capacity

to innovate will make it more resilient in this new global order.”

At BNP Paribas, we are playing our full part in these changes by closely involving our stakeholders – clients, partners, investors, shareholders and employees – in giving impetus to all those who act for a better future.

MESSAGE WRITTEN ON 18 MARCH 2025.

Jean Lemierre, Chairman of the

Board of Directors of BNP Paribas

administration will hamper an economic recovery that is already negatively impacted by a persistent real estate crisis, sluggish consumption and rising public debt. For the US economy, which has been in good shape until now, the trade war could lead to a resurgence in inflation, which could reduce Americans’ purchasing power.

We use these resources to back the economy and help companies scale up. Present in 64 countries, we provide support for our clients, corporate and institutional, to expand internationally, to finance projects and to identify the best investment opportunities. We help strengthen European sovereignty by providing support for corporate clients in several strategic sectors. Notably, we contribute to financing defence companies, mainly in NATO countries, and principally in Europe. This support for large groups, mid-caps and SMEs in the sector takes various forms: loans, guarantees, bond issues, export financing, asset management and direct equity investments.

(1) Launched in January 2025, the Competitiveness Compass aims to enable Europe to regain its economic growth and prosperity. For the 2024-2029 period, its Commission is focusing on three pillars: closing the innovation gap with the European Union‘s main competitors; joining decarbonisation with competitiveness; reducing dependencies and reinforcing security.

We are also well positioned to reinforce Europe’s sovereignty in the strategic field of payments. BNP Paribas is one of the historical players in the

To reestablish a leading position on the international stage, Europe must overcome its structural problems: high debt, stagnating productivity against the backdrop of an ageing population, falling industrial output and declining exports. The internal market is Europe’s great asset. It must be constantly improved.

[Page 5] clients: BNP Paribas was named “World’s Best Bank for Financial Inclusion” by Euromoney magazine in 2024.

T

REGARDING 2024 RESULTS FOR BNP PARIBAS, WHAT IS YOUR ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE?

HE INTERNATIONAL CONTEXT IS CURRENTLY DOMINATED BY STRONG GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS AND NEW POWER BALANCES. WHAT EFFECTS CAN WE EXPECT ON THE ECONOMY, PARTICULARLY IN EUROPE, AND WHAT IMPACT WILL THIS HAVE ON THE SUPPORT YOUR CLIENTS NEED?

J.-L.B.: My first observation relates to the Group’s tremendous resilience in this adverse environment. In 2024, the year was marked both by market share gains and strategic developments. Our results were very solid and exceeded our targets: we committed to a 2% increase in revenues compared to 2023, and they were up 4.1%.

The measures we have taken to improve our operating efficiency enabled us to control our operating expenses, which were in progression by 2.1% compared to 2023, representing a positive jaws effect of 2 points, against a backdrop of business growth in most business lines. As a result of constant attention paid to the quality and diversification of our client portfolio, we have kept the cost of risk low. This value-creating performance underpins our financial strength: with a CET1 (1) ratio of 12.9%, we continue to grow in a steady and disciplined manner.

JEAN-LAURENT BONNAFÉ: 2024 and our current environment are indeed marked by an increasingly unstable international context. The United States and China are competing for global leadership. Hopes for lasting ceasefires remain fragile, in both Ukraine and Gaza. On a macroeconomic level, the increase in tariffs, initiated by the Trump administration, raises the spectre of a trade war. In the eurozone, the stagnation of 2024 should give way to modest growth in 2025. The causes of this sluggishness are both structural and cyclical. In terms of the former, the main reasons are industry difficulties, insufficient investment and high levels of debt. As for the latter, the uncertain economic climate is prompting caution and apprehension among economic players. Companies are reluctant to invest, and unemployment is on the rise again, especially in Germany and France. However, the landscape also shows signs that invite

“We are committed to an ambitious trajectory

Jean-Laurent Bonnafé, Director and Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas

which creates long-term

Our three operating divisions have made their full contribution to the Group’s overall performance. Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) posted an excellent performance, with revenues of €17.9 billion, while gaining market share in its three business lines: Global Banking, Global Markets and Securities Services. Through its high-added-value platform,

value for all our

stakeholders.”

our division is established among the top 3 players in Europe and has consolidated its position as the leading European investment bank in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region.

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) proved resilient in an unfavourable market environment. The strong momentum of our commercial & personal banking entities contributed to revenues of €26.8 billion, up slightly compared to 2023.

Lastly, Investment & Protection Services (IPS) generated revenues of €5.8 billion, up 4.2%, with asset management and insurance posting strong performances.

optimism, such as the sharp rebound in the real estate market following lowered interest rates. In this changing context, the role of BNP Paribas is to support its clients and help them project into the future. We continue to back companies as they develop and transition to a low-carbon economy. This requires continuous attention and vigilance in all our regions, so that we are always able to provide them with personalised solutions in terms of advice, management, financing and investment, as well as risk management. Through the power of our diversified and integrated model, we mobilise the expertise of our business lines in a coordinated manner to provide each corporate client with solutions adapted to its needs. Facing turbulence, we also stand alongside our most vulnerable

INT E R VIEW

[Page 6] while reinforcing the security and confidentiality of our clients’ data. This approach is vital both for the robustness of our model and for the protection of our Group, and of our clients, against cyber risks.

YOU ARE MAINTAINING YOUR SUSTAINABILITY ROADMAP. WHAT IS THE 2025 OUTLOOK FOR THIS PILLAR OF YOUR STRATEGIC PLAN?

benefiting from the acceleration effect driven by our external growth transactions. This is the case in life insurance, through the acquisition of Neuflize Vie and the partnership with Neuflize OBC. In Private Banking, the planned acquisition of HSBC’s activities in Germany is an accelerator of our goal to build a powerful private banking platform in Europe. Lastly, the planned acquisition of AXA Investment Managers, coupled with a long-term asset management partnership, marks a major turning point in our strategy to become a European leader in long-term savings management.

J.-L.B.: BNP Paribas has a long-standing commitment to backing the transition. In the energy sector, low-carbon accounted

€ 11.7 billion

in net income, Group share, in 2024.

emissions in several sectors, is part of the Sustainability roadmap that we continue to roll out. Our desire is truly to help our clients carry out their projects: since 2022, we have mobilised €179 billion to support them in their transition to a low-carbon economy. We are a key player in financing this transition: for the second year in a row, Dealogic ranked us as the world leader in sustainable bonds and loans, with US$69.2 billion in 2024 (2) . We actively support small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and mid-caps through financial backing and consulting to help them make the investments necessary for their transition efforts, while preserving their economic viability. In addition to financing, we aim to support an economy and a society that are transforming.

“Our desire is truly to help our clients carry out

AS REGARDS THE TECHNOLOGY PILLAR OF THE STRATEGIC PLAN, IN 2024 YOU EMBARKED ON A NEW ACCELERATION PHASE DRIVEN BY A TARGETED INVESTMENT POLICY. HOW ARE THINGS GOING?

their projects. In addition

to financing, we aim to support an economy

YOUR STRATEGIC PLAN IS ENTERING ITS HOME STRETCH. IS IT IN LINE WITH THE PLANNED TRAJECTORY?

and a society that are

transforming.”

We also help individuals engage in the ecological transition, notably via financing offers for energy renovation, and via BNP Paribas Mobility, our centre of expertise dedicated to promoting sustainable mobility. At the end of 2024, we signed a memorandum of understanding with La Banque Postale for a distribution partnership under which its customers can access our entire mobility offering with associated financing and insurance solutions.

J.-L.B.: We do not see technology as an end in itself, but as a means to create more value. We continue to invest in payments to equip ourselves with the best technologies and guarantee the highest standards for our clients. We signed a strategic partnership with Groupe BPCE to create Estreem, the new French leader in payment processing, which will process all card payments in Europe for BNP Paribas and Groupe BPCE, representing 17 billion transactions per year.

WHAT IS THE LONGER-TERM PERSPECTIVE FOR BNP PARIBAS?

“We do not see technology

for more than three quarters of our stock of energy production financing at the end of September 2024, with the objective of reaching 90% by 2030. This approach, along with the alignment of our portfolio with targets to reduce the intensity of financed CO 2

as an end in itself, but as a means to create

more value.”

J.-L.B.: Our solid results in 2024 place us in a favourable position to launch the 2025-2026 trajectory, which will create long-term value. We are fully committed to the last stage of our plan, setting ambitious targets that are well within our reach. We forecast average annual revenue growth of more than 5% for 2025 and 2026, with the cost of risk being kept below 40 basis points and net income up by more than 7% per year. Based on these solid fundamentals, we confirm our trajectory of return on tangible equity (ROTE). I stress this indicator, which I think is very important, because it reflects the Group’s level of profitability and the quality of its performance: it will reach 11.5% in 2025 and 12% in 2026.

J.-L.B.: We have a long-term growth project. With the support of our shareholders, we aim for ambitious strategic development with and for our clients, continuing to support their development, technological transformation and ecological transition. We are making this project a reality, together with our teams and external stakeholders, to create value for the economy and society as a whole.

INTERVIEW CONDUCTED ON 7 APRIL 2025.

(1) Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), fully loaded Basel 3. Solvency ratio. (2) Dealogic 2024: total GSS bonds (sustainable, green, social, sustainability-linked bonds) and GSS loans (green, social, ESG-linked loans/sustainability-linked loans).

Moreover, the integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into our systems should enable us to generate €750 million in value creation by 2026. To do so, we are investing in cutting-edge partnerships, such as the one signed with Mistral AI in the field of generative AI, in the context of which we are developing use cases in various business lines.

billion

in sustainable bonds and loans in 2024. US$ 69.2

We also continue to invest in the modernisation of our IT infrastructures, particularly in the cloud. Our partnership with Oracle will allow us to centralise our databases it operates on a single secure platform to benefit from the automation advantages this solution offers,

To this end, we rely on various assets and growth drivers. CIB will continue to be a powerful growth driver, with a strong and diversified client franchise and the potential to continue to gain market share. As for CPBS, commercial & personal banking revenues will be driven by a more favourable interest rate environment. This will be particularly beneficial to our division given the launch, by Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF) and BNP Paribas Personal Finance, of a strategic roadmap aimed at increasing their profitability. For its part, IPS will build on the organic growth momentum of the insurance, asset management and private banking business lines while

[Page 7] WE SUPPORT OUR CLIENTS

BNP Paribas ,

ON ALL CONTINENTS

A EUROPEAN LEADER serving a sustainable economy

OUR FOUNDING VALUES HARD-BAKED INTO OUR CULTURE

S

ince its creation in 2000 through the merger of banks embedded in the European and global economy for over two centuries, the Group has set itself the task of contributing to a sustainable economy. Driven by this ambition, we ensure that our business has a positive impact in our own operations, in the solutions for our clients and in the role we play in society.

WE SUPPORT OUR CLIENTS AROUND THE WORLD

OUR TEAMS AROUND THE WORLD

144,329

4,855

EMPLOYEES IN EUROPE

NEARLY

BNP Paribas can count on the commitment of its nearly 178,000 (1) employees to support all its clients – individuals, small businesses, SMEs, large corporates, institutional investors and associations – at every stage of the economic cycle. At the heart of our collective dynamic, the sum of our expertise and the cohesion of our teams feed our responses to the needs and expectations of our clients. We also rely on the stability of our governance bodies, which ensure the long-term management of our strategy for controlled development and responsible growth. Our governance bodies act in the interest of our Group, while listening to our stakeholders. They ensure that every decision is made in accordance with our demand for ethical responsibility.

EMPLOYEES IN NORTH AMERICA 3,230

(1) 178,000

We have built a European leader in banking and financial services, present in 64 countries and territories and able to advise and provide support for its clients around the world. In Europe, most of our business lines hold key positions, often among the leaders in their markets, such as our cash flow (Cash Management, Trade Finance and Factoring) and capital markets activities, as well as our specialised businesses, such as long-term leasing and asset management.

EMPLOYEES

EMPLOYEES IN SOUTH AMERICA 19,627

EMPLOYEES IN ASIA-PACIFIC

To meet the key challenges of supporting and financing a just and sustainable transition, we are implementing a proactive and ambitious approach to social and environmental responsibility. This is reflected in our commitment to promoting and implementing responsible financing for a sustainable economy.

476

COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES 64

EMPLOYEES IN THE MIDDLE EAST 5,435

EMPLOYEES IN AFRICA

Through its retail activity, our Group operates in four markets in the eurozone: France, Italy, Belgium and Luxembourg. It is also rolling out its integrated commercial & personal banking model in a number of other countries, notably Ukraine, Poland, Türkiye, Algeria, Morocco, Kosovo and China through its minority stake in Bank of Nanjing. As a leading banking player, BNP Paribas also has a strong presence in the Americas and an expanded capacity in Asia-Pacific.

(1) Figures as at 31 December 2024. The number of employees is reported in Full-Time Equivalents (headcount in proportion to their working time) on permanent or temporary contracts, excluding employees on unpaid leave. Above figures have been rounded.

[Page 8] A DISTINCTIVE AND

POWERFUL MODEL

OUR DISTINCTIVE MODEL UNDERPINS OUR PERFORMANCE

A clientcentric model

The Group has a long-term

while optimising our operational performance. And because we are convinced that useful innovation comes from fruitful collaboration between a multitude of players, year after year we develop an ecosystem that brings together companies, institutions, start-ups, networks and associations.

approach to client relationships, relying specifically on strong risk

management.

An integrated model

Through collaboration across

Our diversified and integrated model is based on our three operating divisions. Their leading positions, combined with the fact that they complement each other so well, provide a comprehensive and coordinated response to our clients’ needs and fuel our commercial performance. The Corporate & Institutional Banking division brings together corporate clients with financing needs and institutional clients looking for investment opportunities. The Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division encompasses all our commercial & personal banking entities and a number of specialised businesses. The Investment & Protection Services division houses our protection, savings, investment and real estate services.

all its business lines and its global presence, the Group

is able to largely meet the

needs of its clients and to support them in their

For many years now, we have been investing in future technologies linked to new applications, notably artificial intelligence, which we are working to integrate into our solutions, processes and tools. Rational data management is also a key issue and is one of the main areas of the Technology pillar of our strategic plan. Lastly, we are supporting the ongoing development of our teams’ skills in these areas to help them manage these changes.

development.

ALONGSIDE OUR CLIENTS, WE ARE CONTRIBUTING TO A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE

A diversified

model

The Group’s diversification in terms of client segments,

regions, sectors and businesses ensures

great stability.

is carried out by the operational entities, business lines and functions. The second is the permanent control managed by the Compliance, Legal, Risk, Finance & Strategy functions. The third, under the responsibility of the “Inspection Générale” function, supplements their actions with periodic controls. This control system is reinforced by a strong compliance culture that is widely shared throughout the Group.

Building on the strength of our solid foundations and positions, our ongoing transformation process and the stability of our management teams, we are continuing on our development path. Its goal is to make BNP Paribas an innovative company, combining the best of people and technology, and a key partner in helping its clients make their transition to a sustainable model.

By combining our global footprint with their local presence, our three divisions provide a wide range of products and solutions across all our regions. The synergies between all our business lines and our ability to respond in a coordinated way to the changing needs and habits of our clients give our business model its distinctive, highperformance character. This resilient model, which draws its power of execution from the close integration of all our areas of expertise, gives us a tangible competitive advantage and ensures that our clients receive long-term support at every stage of their development. BNP Paribas also stands out for its financial strength, as illustrated by the scale of its balance sheet, its so-called “hard” equity (Common Equity Tier 1), its revenues and its net income.

WE PREVENT AND MANAGE RISKS

A model at scale

The quality of our risk management, which is simultaneously prudent, proactive and forwardlooking, is reflected in a low cost of risk of 33 basis points in 2024, and a cost of risk to gross operating income ratio that is one of the lowest among European banks.

The Group’s development and expansion are bolstered

WE MOBILISE THE BEST OF TECHNOLOGY

by digitisation and new

technologies, enabling

powerful execution

at marginal costs.

The Group is fully mobilised to support them, in particular in their low-carbon projects, in line with the Paris Agreement. As an example, at the end of September 2024, 76% of our stock of energy production financing was dedicated to low-carbon energies, with the goal of reaching 90% by 2030. Alongside our clients, we are determined to contribute to a just transition that leaves no one behind, and to achieve a sustainable economy that reconciles environmental and social concerns.

In a changing and challenging environment, we remain vigilant in managing all the risks to which BNP Paribas is exposed. By anchoring this risk management culture in our practices, we preserve and strengthen the Group’s resilience over time. We continuously optimise our internal control system in order to identify the main risks we are exposed to, while anticipating emerging ones. This rigorous control, which operates at all levels, is based on three lines of defence. The first

As long-term partners of our clients, we listen to their needs to deliver innovative solutions, while ensuring a high level of security for their data and transactions. In this respect, we place technology at the heart of our goals, so that it helps to improve both the client and employee experiences,

[Page 9] COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 (2) (CET 1) RATIO

Our f inancial

12.3%

13.2%

12.9%

INDICATORS

2022

2023

2024

REVENUES

Supported by a solid capital structure, BNP Paribas achieved a very strong performance in 2024, exceeding its targets.

NET DIVIDEND PER SHARE

€45,874m

€46,927m

€48,831m

(in euros)

(3)

3.90

4.60

4.79

T

2023

2024

2023 distributable (1)

2022

2023

2024

SHORT-TERM/ LONG-TERM RATINGS

A-1 / A+

Standard & Poor’s Stable outlook 24 April 2023

NET EARNINGS PER SHARE (4)

NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE

F1+ / AAFitch Stable outlook 16 October 2024

hrough our diversified and integrated model, we are well positioned in this new phase of the economic cycle to fully engage the last stage of our strategic plan and trigger growth drivers beyond 2026. All three of our operating divisions contributed to the increase in our revenues, up 4.1% compared to 2023 on a distributable basis. Our gross operating income and net income, Group share, were also up by 7.4% and 4.1% respectively. At 33 basis points in 2024, the cost of risk is under control, thanks to the quality and diversification of our portfolio. Finally, we confirm our distribution policy, with a payout ratio of 60%, including at least 50% in the form of dividends, for 2024, 2025 and 2026. In addition, we are introducing a semi-annual interim dividend beginning in 2025, based on 50% of the first half-year earnings per share, with an initial payment on 30 September 2025 for the first half of 2025.

(in euros)

9.57

P-1 / A1

9.21

Moody’s Stable outlook 17 December 2024

€10,975m

€11,232m

€11,688m

7.80

R-1 ( Middle )

/ AA ( Low )

DBRS Stable outlook 20 June 2024

For more information on all of our financial indicators, see the 2024 Universal Registration Document on invest.bnpparibas

2023

2024

2023 distributable (1)

2024 2023 distributable (1) 2022

(1) Based on restatement of quarterly series reported on 29 February 2024. Results serving as a basis for calculating the distribution in 2023 and reflecting the Group’s intrinsic performance post impact of the Bank of the West sale and post contribution to the ramp-up of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) excluding extraordinary items. (2) Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), fully loaded Basel 3. Solvency ratio. (3) Detachment on 19 May 2025 and payment on 21 May 2025; subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025. (4) Earnings per share calculated on the basis of 2024 net income adjusted for the remuneration of undated supersubordinated notes and the average end-of-period number of shares; calculated in 2023 on the basis of 2023 distributable income and the end-of-period number of shares.

[Page 10] Our extraf inancial

INDICATORS

(1)

CSR POLICY MANAGEMENT DASHBOARD

EXTRA-FINANCIAL RATINGS AND DISTINCTIONS

In 2024, the Group maintained its extra-financial performance trajectory, with a view to achieving the objectives set under its strategic plan.

EXTRA-FINANCIAL RATINGS

2024 2025 OBJECTIVES

OUR ECONOMIC RESPONSIBILITY

OTHER CSR DISTINCTIONS AND COMMITMENTS

Amount of sustainable loans €133bn €150bn

• In 2024, BNP Paribas was rated 4.9/5 by FTSE Russell, placing it in the 1% of the best companies of the banking sector.

Amount of sustainable bonds €106bn €200bn

• BNP Paribas was named “World’s Best Bank for Financial Inclusion” at the Euromoney (2) Awards for Excellence 2024.

Amount of assets under management of open-ended funds, distributed in Europe and classified Article 8 and 9 according to the SFDR €285bn €300bn

T

OUR SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

• For the second consecutive year, BNP Paribas was appointed “ESG Financing House of the Year” by the specialised magazine International Financing Review, at the 2024 IFR Awards.

• In 2024, BNP Paribas was awarded a score of 57/100 in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, placing the Group in the 2% of the best ranked players in the banking sector, on the “Environment” dimension.

Share of women among the SMP (Senior Management Position) population 39% 40%

he Group’s CSR strategy, in line with the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, consists of supporting all clients – individuals, companies and institutions – in their transition to a carbonneutral economy that makes reasonable use of the planet’s resources, respects human rights and enables the inclusion of the most vulnerable. This strategy, which is part of a continuous improvement process, aims to help build a more sustainable world while ensuring the Group’s stability and performance.

1,338,394 (in 2023 and 2024) 1 million (over 2 rolling years)

Number of solidarity hours performed by employees over two rolling years (#1MillionHours2Help)

• Moody’s ESG Solutions gave the Group a score of 73/100 in 2024, placing it in first place in the “Diversified banks in Europe” category.

Share of employees who completed at least four training courses during the year 99% 90%

• BNP Paribas is the only French bank in the 2025 ranking of the “100 most sustainable companies in the world”, published by the Canadian magazine Corporate Knights (3) , where the Group features for the eleventh consecutive year.

OUR CIVIC RESPONSIBILITY

INCLUSION IN SUSTAINABILITY INDEXES

• BNP Paribas is the top French bank in Equileap’s international genderequality ranking (4) .

Number of beneficiaries of products and services supporting financial inclusion 5.0 million 6.0 million

OUR ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

To steer this strategy, BNP Paribas has set up a dashboard of 10 indicators, which is monitored on an annual basis by its Executive Committee and its Board of Directors. In 2024, BNP Paribas was still very well positioned to achieve the objectives set in its strategic plan and is continuing its trajectory, notably in financing the low-carbon transition. The main rating agencies rank BNP Paribas among the top financial institutions in the world. The scores obtained reflect our commitment to CSR and responsible practices, as well as the rigorous implementation of environmental, social and governance criteria in our activities.

€179bn €200bn

Amount of support enabling our clients to transition to a low-carbon economy

• BNP Paribas shares are included in the main sustainable development benchmarks, including Euronext Sustainable World 120, Europe 120, Euro 120 and France 20 indices, FTSE4Good Index Series and Stoxx Global ESG Leaders Index.

• BNP Paribas was recognised by the NGO Global Canopy for its commitment to combatting deforestation. The NGO placed the Group among the leaders of the 150 financial institutions, assessed in its Forest500 ranking for 2024 (5) .

€5.4bn €4.0bn

Amount of financing to companies contributing to protect terrestrial and marine biodiversity

Greenhouse gas emissions in tonnes of CO 2 equivalent (CO 2 e) per Full-Time Equivalent (FTE)

1.48t of CO 2 e/FTE

1.85t of CO 2 e/FTE

For more information on all of our extrafinancial indicators, see the 2024 Universal Registration Document on invest.bnpparibas

(1) The definitions of the indicators are available on page 693 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document. (2) https://www.euromoney.com/article/2dbiepmxkqk11bada00e8/awards/awards-for-excellence/the-worlds-best-bank-forfinancial-inclusion-bnp-paribas (3) https://www.corporateknights.com/issues/2025-01-global-100-issue/100-most-sustainable-companies-still-betting-greener-world/ Corporate Knights is a leading Canadian trade magazine, as well as an independent investment research and advisory firm. (4) https://equileap.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Equileap_2024_Gender_Equality_Report_Developed_Markets.pdf (5) https://forest500.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ Forest500_Annual-Report-2024_Final.pdf

[Page 11] Analysis o f

developments MACROECONOMIC

THE CHALLENGES

For its part, the US economy continued to take off in 2024, with a buoyant labour market and consumer spending, a strong dollar and a loose fiscal policy supporting forward-looking investment, notably in infrastructure and the energy transition. Meanwhile, China owed its resilient growth to a record level of exports, although domestic demand remained hindered by a persistent property crisis, historically high unemployment, especially among young people, and structural shortcomings in the social security safety net, leading to very high household savings.

IN THIS CONTEXT, WHAT WILL 2025 LOOK LIKE?

WE FACE COLLECTIVELY

Isabelle Mateos y Lago, Group Chief Economist and Head of Economic Research at BNP Paribas

T

hroughout 2024, the global economy showed resilience, but growth disparities between the major regions widened. Ebbing inflation, diverging economies and structural weaknesses: all these contrasting signals raise questions about the future. What are the main challenges ahead and what opportunities could emerge? Isabelle Mateos y Lago, Chief Economist of BNP Paribas, analyses recent trends and sheds light on future prospects.

Find the latest economic scenario and forecasts on the BNP Paribas Economic Research website

WHAT DO YOU TAKE AWAY FROM 2024 IN TERMS OF THE ECONOMY?

BNP Paribas must navigate a changing and complex environment. In this context, it is essential to take stock of current challenges in order to prepare for the future. We are taking a closer look at five major challenges: macroeconomic developments, technological opportunities, just transition, compliance and risks.

Isabelle Mateos y Lago: In 2024, global growth managed to hold steady at 3.2%, i.e. a pace similar to that of 2023. However, this rate masks divergent trends between the world’s major economic centres. The eurozone posted a rate of 0.7%, while the United States and China reached 2.8% and 4.9%, respectively. The year was marked by the widespread easing of inflationary tensions, as a result of lower pressure on energy prices and the measures taken by central banks. The latter were thus able to implement a policy of interest rate reduction.

WHAT’S BEHIND THE DESYNCHRONISATION OF TRENDS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION, THE UNITED STATES AND CHINA?

I.M.L.: At the beginning of the year, we thought that global growth would be around 3%. However, the policy of the new US administration has significantly changed the situation to date. In the United States, uncertainty prevails. The first signs of a slowdown are appearing; the dollar and interest rates have weakened and the stock markets have reversed. Household and business confidence indicators are falling sharply. All these data suggest that a significant slowdown in the US economy is likely. Conversely, the European Union’s growth prospects have been significantly boosted by recent developments, notably Germany’s historic decision to commit around €1 billion in public spending on infrastructure and defence over 10 years. And there are several other buoyant trends: Europe – unlike the United States – should benefit from an additional monetary easing. The European Union has become aware of its lack of competitiveness on a global scale and the urgent need to adapt to the new economic and strategic situation imposed by the United States. It has therefore launched two flagship initiatives: the ReArm Europe plan to stimulate its investments in defence capabilities and the Competitiveness Compass to address its structural weaknesses and simplify its regulatory burden. Lastly, China, faced with increasingly high trade barriers from many of its partners, is now considering whether it can boost its domestic consumption, which would be beneficial for both China and the rest of the world.

Interview conducted on 26 March 2025.

I.M.L.: Despite the generally favourable effects of monetary policy, the eurozone economies face structural difficulties. High debt levels, a lack of coordination on budgetary policy, stagnating productivity in a context of ageing populations, falling industrial output and declining exports, particularly in Germany: all these factors are weighing on their level of and potential for growth, not to mention the political crises in France and Germany, which have hampered initiatives to revive the European economy.

[Page 12] Seizing

TECHNOLOGICAL

opportunities

Financin g a JUST TRANSITION

72 %

A

W

Su Yang, Head of Artificial Intelligence and IT Innovation at BNP Paribas

hile the world must be able to adapt and reimagine itself by integrating the energy and ecological transitions, the role of the financial sector is multi-dimensional: it must support its institutional, corporate and individual clients in their projects without forgetting those who are most vulnerable as a result of climate change. A central question arises: how can the transition to a new, more sustainable economic model be achieved without reinforcing inequalities?

THE KEY ROLE OF BANKS IN FINANCING AND ACCELERATING THE JUST TRANSITION

The percentage of Europeans who, in 2024, believed that efforts to combat global warming will generate inequalities between the wealthy and the most disadvantaged.

Source: BNP Paribas Just Transition Observatory, 2024.

t the end of two decades of digital transformation, the way we live, work and consume has been radically transformed. Having taken stock of these new habits, companies have made significant progress in terms of operational efficiency, client relationships and innovation. Building on this progress, they are now turning to the latest technologies, in particular generative artificial intelligence (AI). The banking sector, given its major role in the economy, is both vigilant and ambitious in the face of these innovations. First and foremost, it is vigilant in maintaining service continuity. To enable their clients to carry out their transactions when they want to, banks must operate with the highest levels of quality, efficiency and security on a daily basis, in particular by protecting data confidentiality. Secondly, the sector has the ambition to continuously improve the client experience. To provide a simple, fluid and attractive customer journey, banks have invested heavily to enhance or even rethink their services, while developing the skills of their employees and their working environment. Notably, they have embraced the technological opportunities associated with the development of cloud services, which guarantee the resilience and security of information systems while providing agility and better control of data. More recently, they have turned to generative AI in order to anticipate client demands for speed and personalisation. Used responsibly and within a framework of good governance, AI can also optimise risk management and improve efficiency in the fight against fraud.

“Technology is at the heart of our operations, from cloud to data, which is essential for the industrialisation of AI. With more than 800 use cases in production in 2024 and €750 million in value creation through to 2026, AI allows us to accelerate digitisation, enhance the client experience and place security and responsible technology at the forefront.”

According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), “a just transition promotes environmentally sustainable economies in a way that is inclusive, by creating decent work opportunities, reducing inequality and leaving no one behind”. Social policies are needed to mitigate the impact of the transition on the most vulnerable sectors of the economy – which will have to transform, adapt or even disappear – while others will develop to serve a low-carbon economy. Since 2023, BNP Paribas has published an annual Just Transition Observatory to examine civil society’s expectations on this complex issue at the European level and raise awareness among all stakeholders for the need to create solutions

INNOVATING FOR GREATER EFFICIENCY AND GROWTH

€ 200 bn

“To be accepted, the transition to a sustainable economy must be a just transition that leaves no one behind: neither companies, whose transformation must be sustainable in the long term, nor individuals, whose purchasing power must be protected.”

The total amount of investments mobilised by the European Union to accelerate the development of AI in Europe, including €150 billion from large corporations. This alliance, called the EU AI Champions Initiative, brings together more than 60 companies, including BNP Paribas.

Source: International Data Corporation (IDC) Worldwide Artificial Intelligence Spending Guide.

Laurence Pessez, Global Chief Sustainability Officer and Deputy Head of Company Engagement at BNP Paribas

that enable everyone to participate in this vital transformation. The Group is convinced that banks have a role to play in meeting the considerable investment needs of the transition and in financing just transition programmes. To make the transition accessible, BNP Paribas is helping its individual and corporate clients to make the necessary investments without jeopardising their purchasing power and economic viability. Dedicated teams offer clients innovative products and services with a positive impact. For example, we finance low-carbon mobility solutions and home energy renovations to reduce transition costs for individuals. But supporting a just transition also means empowering those most at risk to protect themselves by adapting their activities, not reluctantly, but deliberately. A good example of this is farmers who are significantly affected by climate change. BNP Paribas has placed regenerative agriculture at the heart of its strategy to support the agri-food sector because it contributes to restoring the soil and making it more productive over time, thus ensuring the sustainability of clients’ activities. For instance, the partnership between BNP Paribas and McCain in Poland supports famers in their transition in a very concrete manner (see page 68). It is a change in which they are fully involved, through a genuine just transition approach.

After gauging the extent of these changes early on, BNP Paribas focused on industrialising its systems, improving its operational efficiency and enhancing the client experience. Since 2016, we have been integrating AI into our processes and tools. Today, having achieved a certain maturity, we are aiming to have 1,000 use cases in production in 2025, with four main benefits: knowledge of clients and optimisation of their experience; increased operational efficiency; the detection and prevention of risks, especially on the cyber front; and the invention of tomorrow’s banking services through generative AI. By signing a partnership with Oracle, BNP Paribas has also taken a new step in its cloud strategy in order to further strengthen the security and confidentiality of its clients’ data. Moreover, the Group has continued to develop targeted partnerships with the start-up ecosystem, notably with Mistral AI in 2024. At the same time, we are gradually integrating these new technologies into the day-to-day work of our teams to ensure that they enhance their working experience and skills.

[Page 13] Anticipating and managing

Meeting

COMPLIANCE

challenges

RISKS

T

Stéphanie Maarek, Head of Compliance at BNP Paribas S

he World Economic Forum’s Global Risks Report 2025 describes an increasingly fragmented world, where the acceleration of geopolitical, environmental, societal and technological risks is profoundly reshaping economic and strategic balances. While geopolitical conflicts are identified as the predominant immediate danger, the climate and ecological crisis constitutes a structural risk that requires appropriate and sustainable responses. The loss of biodiversity threatens the integrity of ecosystems, while the recurrence of natural disasters calls for an overhaul of infrastructures and economic models. In addition to these concerns, there are growing technological risks, including disinformation and the challenges posed by artificial intelligence (AI). The report also highlights the growing interdependence between these risks, making risk management even more complex.

ince 2022, new economic and geopolitical balances have created an environment marked by growing instability. At the same time, new compliance risks are emerging, such as those related to new payment methods, the popularisation of crypto-assets and more sophisticated forms of abuse and fraud. In the area of financial security, international sanctions regimes are becoming increasingly complex, while European AML/CFT (1) regulations are evolving with the creation of the AMLA (2) . The protection of market integrity remains a major issue and a challenge, given the proliferation of communication channels and trading platforms. Expectations in terms of Conduct are increasing in order to ensure ethical and transparent behaviours. In this context, the Compliance function plays an essential role in ensuring the security of BNP Paribas, its clients and its employees, while supporting the Group’s business strategy, and must constantly evolve to adapt to these numerous changes.

PUTTING RISK MANAGEMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

REINFORCING OUR COMPLIANCE SYSTEM WITH RESILIENCE

“The role of our function is to establish a normative framework and to ensure that our activities are robust and comply strictly with regulations, while optimising the effectiveness of our setup. This requires the implementation of a true compliance by design within the Group, taking into account risks at all levels of the organisation.”

At BNP Paribas, risk management is an absolute priority, embedded across all levels of the Bank. We implement a rigorous control system to anticipate and respond to current and emerging risks. Our analyses focus on the management of so-called “primary risks“ – market, credit, counterparty, liquidity and operational risks – and also on the emerging dimensions that could influence them. In this regard, BNP Paribas concurs with the conclusions of the

At BNP Paribas, the Compliance function, as our second line of defence, monitors several non-compliance risks relating to financial security (money laundering and terrorist financing, non-compliance with sanctions regimes, corruption, non-compliance with tax regimes), protection of client interests, market integrity, professional ethics, ESG and Conduct. Compliance ensures better identification and overall

OVER

management of these risks, regular reporting to the supervisory bodies, and the implementation of a comprehensive regulatory framework, as well as increased controls and corrective measures, when necessary. Innovation plays a key role in this risk management. The controlled development of artificial intelligence will enable us to improve the effectiveness of our compliance framework.

€ 5 trillion

MAKING COMPLIANCE EVERYONE’S BUSINESS

“The risk management culture is a differentiating factor, determining the solidity or vulnerability of banks. Even if it has been one of our major assets for a long time, it must never be taken for granted, and requires constant vigilance to ensure optimal resilience in the face of all scenarios. It must be part of our DNA, passed down from generation to generation.”

World Economic Forum in identifying three key areas. First, growing geopolitical tensions impact global economic and financial stability. Secondly, environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors are redefining the positioning of many players, including political actors, regulators and financial institutions. Lastly, technology-related threats, such as cyberattacks and disinformation, are testing our resilience. The rise of AI, notably generative AI, is fundamentally transforming banking processes and raising new challenges in terms of security and ethics. These multidimensional factors require agile, systematic and adaptive responses. We remain vigilant and take a proactive approach in order to reap the benefits that some of these factors, such as AI, can provide, while preserving the resilience of our Group and our clients.

The estimated amount of global value at risk due to potential cyberattacks between 2019 and 2023.

OVER

REINFORCING OUR APPROACH THROUGH STRUCTURED COLLABORATION

Frank Roncey, Chief Risk Officer at BNP Paribas

Source: The World Bank, https:// www.worldbank.org/en/programs/ cybersecurity-trust-fund/overview

US$ 3.1

trillion

As the first line of defence in our internal control framework, the compliance culture of the business lines is essential, as compliance with regulations is a prerequisite for all. To disseminate this culture, the Compliance function relies on the solid expertise of its employees and their know-how to adopt the right behaviours, as well as on a continuous dialogue with the business lines, along with educational actions and training programmes. Respecting the rules, reporting noncompliant behaviour and adopting best practices are crucial habits. The Group raises the awareness of its employees and trains them to act in accordance with its Code of Conduct. This Code requires everyone to act with integrity and responsibility, to protect our customers, our colleagues and the Group itself, and to respect each other. The “Speak up” culture, which encourages the reporting of issues, is a key lever in ensuring a safe working environment.

To meet these challenges, BNP Paribas relies on a partnership and a cross-cutting approach. Our business lines and functions play a key role in fostering a strong risk culture throughout the entire Group. In doing so, they ensure the sustainability of our activities and strengthen the relationship of trust that we maintain with our clients, our partners and all our stakeholders. Our goal is to combine rigour and innovation so as to anticipate future threats and ensure ever more robust risk management integrated across all our lines of defence.

in illicit funds (3) flowed through the global financial system in 2023.

Source: NASDAQ Verafin 2023 study.

(1) Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism. (2) Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism Authority. (3) Including the financing of terrorism, money laundering, the proceeds of trafficking in human beings and in drugs.

[Page 14] OUR EXTRA-FINANCIAL CHALLENGES

Listenin g to our STAKEHOLDERS

IMPORTANT

MAJOR CRUCIAL

MAPPING AND PRIORITISING OUR CHALLENGES

Data privacy and security

I

To help analyse stakeholder interests and viewpoints, the Group has developed a chart to map and prioritise 21 extra-financial challenges, cross-referencing their importance as expressed by employees (1) and external stakeholders (2) .

Ethics & compliance

Political and societal risk

Climate change & energy transition

n line with our Company purpose – “we are at the service of our clients and the world we live in” – we have made the decisive choice to engage in an open and constructive dialogue with our stakeholders. At the heart of our strategic orientations, this dynamic of interaction allows us to better understand their expectations and, at the same time, how society is changing. It is therefore an integral part of our social and environmental responsibility.

Responsible investing and

Human

financing

rights

Fair and inclusive workplace

Business continuity

This chart distinguishes between three categories of challenges: crucial, major and important. According to our stakeholders, our Group is facing six crucial challenges, namely data privacy and security; climate change and energy transition; ethics and compliance; human rights; responsible investing and financing; and business continuity.

Corporate economic value

Customer expectations

Governance

The eight major challenges are: corporate economic value; customer expectations; digital transformation and innovation; employment practices; fair and inclusive workplace; governance; talent management; and transparent practices.

Employment practices

Our stakeholder-oriented approach comes down to understanding their interests, points of view and expectations regarding our activities. It enables us to broaden our thinking, anticipate our clients’ needs and develop our product and service offerings accordingly. It also informs our focus on designing and implementing innovative solutions with a positive impact on society. This regular dialogue with our stakeholders, which allows us to explain our decisions and actions, helps to increase the transparency and clarity of our publications.

Transparent practices

ORGANISING A STRUCTURED DIALOGUE

Accessibility for all to products and services

Importance for external stakeholders

Talent management

Fair competitive practices

Digital transformation & innovation

The six crucial and eight major challenges represent 14 key and cross-cutting priorities at the heart of our strategic plan. They are also found in its three main pillars: profitable growth (Growth), the optimisation of the client and employee experience (Technology) and the scaling up of sustainable finance (Sustainability).

Biodiversity

The Group has identified different types of stakeholders: its clients (individuals, professionals, corporate clients and institutions), its employees and their representatives, its shareholders (individual and institutional investors), its suppliers, financial and extra-financial rating agencies, regulatory bodies and public authorities, as well as civil society and its organisations.

Local community support

Operational environmental impact Responsible procurement

(1) These perceptions were collected from more than 1,200 Group employees. (2) These perceptions were assessed through an analysis of the publications of our main peers, over 2,500 regulations applicable to our activities and regions, over 20,000 trade press articles and over 450 million messages posted on X.

Importance for BNP Paribas employees

We have established personalised levels of communication with each of these stakeholders. Each one has dedicated contacts within the Group who deploy several complementary modes of interaction to enhance dialogue, including surveys, networks and events.

[Page 15] 30

OUR STRATEGIC PLAN ENTERS ITS FINAL STAGE

VISION

34

A DIVERSIFIED AND INTEGRATED MODEL CREATING VALUE

36

IMPETUS

THREE OPERATING DIVISIONS SERVING OUR CLIENTS

42

OUR GOVERNANCE BODIES

ACCELERATION

43

OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

44

OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS

46

OUR EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

M

indful of the world around it, BNP Paribas is maintaining and intensifying its support to those who act for a better future. Fuelled by our diversified and integrated business model, this momentum is steered by our stable, measured and long-term corporate governance. We are capitalising on the diversity and complementarity of the business lines in our three operating divisions, to provide each client with solutions tailored to their expectations, in a coordinated manner, while continuing to create value for our stakeholders, year after year.

[Page 16] Our

STRONG AMBITIONS

OUR 2025-2026 TRAJECTORY

Growth

Technology

Sustainability

REVENUES (1)

Technology for optimised

Accelerated mobilisation

Continued profitable growth by leveraging

client/employee

of the Group’s business

lines on sustainable

>+5 %

the Group’s leading positions in Europe

experience and operational performance

finance issues

COMPOUNDED ANNUAL GROWTH RATE FOR THE 2024-2026 PERIOD

JAWS EFFECT (2)

~+1.5 pt

ON AVERAGE PER YEAR FOR THE 2024-2026 PERIOD

FUELLED BY A POWERFUL MODEL

COST OF RISK

… with the full

enters its final stage

benefit of our integrated and

<40 bps

… strategically aligned to best serve clients and

IN 2025 AND 2026

Leading European platforms… STRATEGIC PLAN

partners…

diversified operating model

The Group posted a very strong performance in 2024, exceeding its initial targets, and thus confirming its trajectory through to 2026.

NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE >+7 %

COMPOUNDED ANNUAL GROWTH RATE FOR THE 2024-2026 PERIOD

BUILT ON THREE STRENGTHS

ur strategic plan is entering its final stage and the trajectory for 2025 and 2026 is fully under way.

O

EARNINGS PER SHARE (3) >+8 %

Development of employees’

COMPOUNDED ANNUAL GROWTH RATE FOR THE 2024-2026 PERIOD

Technology and industrialisation at the heart of our

Deployment of sustainable finance and ESG

potential and

model

at scale

engagement

This is in line with the ambition to consolidate our European leadership with the aim to help our clients accelerate their transition to a sustainable economy. The power of its diversified, integrated and at-scale model allowed BNP Paribas to make significant progress for the benefit of its clients and society.

ROTE (4)

11.5 %

IN 2025 12 %

IN 2026

We are progressing at a steady pace in all our regions. Our strategy, developed on three key pillars – Growth, Technology and Sustainability – is based on a common foundation: human capital. In their daily commitment to our clients, our nearly 178,000 employees are the main artisans of the strategic plan’s deployment.

IN ORDER TO

Develop

Generate economies

Gain market

of scale

Foster organic growth

shares

new opportunities

(1) The notion of revenues is equivalent to that of net banking income. (2) Increase in Group revenues between 2024 and 2026 minus the increase in Group operating expenses between 2024 and 2026. (3) Calculated based on net income, Group share, adjusted for the remuneration of undated supersubordinated notes and the average end-of-period number of shares. (4) Return on Tangible Equity.

[Page 17] GROWTH Leveraging our position as a European leader to build growth drivers

TECHNOLOGY Placing technology at the core of our efforts to enhance our client and employee experience

SUSTAINABILITY Supporting our clients in their transition to a sustainable economy

Developing skills and ensuring the well-being of our teams to meet our strategic challenges

In a context marked by rapid technological changes and increasing regulatory requirements, we are continuing to roll out our People Strategy by focusing on three dimensions.

MEETING RECRUITMENT CHALLENGES

We are strengthening the industrialisation of our technological platforms, with a focus on both our clients, for whom we provide innovative and secure services, and our employees, with whom we work as they adopt new tools and evolving working methods.

Lars Machenil, Chief Financial Officer

Philippe Maillard, Chief Operating Officer

Anne Pointet, Head of Company Engagement

Sofia Merlo, Head of Human Resources

KEEPING OUR IT INFRASTRUCTURES AT THE CUTTING EDGE AND INTEGRATING AI

Our development is sustained by capitalising on the strengths of our diversified, integrated and at-scale model. Our three operating divisions – Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB); Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS); Investment & Protection Services (IPS) – made full contributions to the Group’s value creation in 2024 through their performance and the complementary nature of their expertise. Our results exceeded the targets announced, with significant increases compared to 2023: revenues and net income were up 4.1%.

Faced with recruitment tensions and rapid changes in our businesses, it is both essential and a challenge to have the right person in the right place at the right time. In response to these needs, we are rolling out our internal work-study programme. It involves offering internal mobility opportunities for our employees while providing training to bolster the skills related to their new position. Launched in several countries in job positions with a strong technical dimension, such as business analysts and cybersecurity experts, this initiative was extended to commercial professions in 2024 and will be deployed further.

ACCELERATION DRIVEN BY EXTERNAL GROWTH TRANSACTIONS

ALIGNING SKILLS NEEDED BY OUR TEAMS WITH THE COMPANY’S STRATEGY

Since 2022, we have devoted €179 billion to supporting our clients in their projects to transition towards a low-carbon economy. A true acceleration was marked in 2024 with €75 billion of finance and support. For BNP Paribas, advising clients in their transition also means helping them leverage all solutions, including low-carbon energy projects, circular concepts in real estate or IT, and regenerative agriculture. As such, together alongside its clients, the Group contributes to a solid and more sustainable economy. This economy must also, and above all, leave no one behind. At BNP Paribas – nominated “World’s Best Bank for Financial Inclusion” by Euromoney magazine – our teams apply their expertise with this conviction every day.

Providing our clients with innovative solutions while protecting them from cyber risks and securing the use of their data are our main priorities. With these objectives in mind, we continuously modernise our applications, interfaces and infrastructures. In this last field, which is essential to our robustness, we continue to reinforce collaboration with market leaders to consolidate our position.

A LEADING PLAYER

“In 2024, we posted a very strong performance, better than forecasted. We are specifying our 2025-2026 trajectory and already have medium-term growth drivers.”

“Attentive to the needs of our employees and in partnership with managers, Human Resources is continuously adapting to the changing needs of the business lines in order to meet our goals.”

“Through the expertise and commitment of our teams, we support our clients in their projects every day, so they can seize the opportunities provided by the transition and, together, build a truly sustainable economy.”

“We are accelerating the integration of generative AI into our systems by combining three priorities: security to preserve the trust of our clients and regulators, partnerships to access cutting-edge technologies, and training to engage our teams.”

We have also widely adopted artificial intelligence (AI), with a target of 1,000 use cases in production by 2025, and made a major shift towards generative AI. The partnership established in 2024 with Mistral AI to roll out its models across most of our business lines allows us to gain leverage in this context.

To support our strategic plan, we work with our teams daily to develop their skills. This is achieved by reinforcing our training system and launching a new tool to establish the skills that the Group will need in the future. Developed in partnership with managers to facilitate the implementation of concrete actions, this Strategic Workforce Planning (SWP) identifies candidates and training needs. Moreover, we enhanced our training offering in terms of data and AI, and our Sustainability Academy provides all our teams with high value-added training.

In addition to dynamic organic growth, BNP Paribas initiated ambitious external development transactions that translate into additional streams of growth, such as the planned acquisition of AXA Investment Managers, and investments in wealth management and life insurance with the planned acquisition of HSBC’s private banking business in Germany and the acquisitions of Neuflize Vie in France and BCC Vita in Italy. BNP Paribas is therefore well positioned to continue its momentum in 2025 and 2026.

OVER

As the world’s leader in sustainable bonds and loans issuance (1) for the second year running, BNP Paribas reasserted its role in financing a more sustainable economy. We are also pioneers in financial engineering and in 2024 launched the first public blue bond (2) in France as well as the first fund dedicated to forestry.

ENSURING THE WELL-BEING OF OUR EMPLOYEES

+ 4.1 %

(1) Dealogic 2024: total GSS bonds (green, social, sustainable, and sustainability-linked bonds) and GSS loans (green, social, ESG-linked and sustainability-linked loans). (2) A blue bond aims to raise capital from investors to finance marine and ocean projects with positive impacts for the environment, the economy and the climate.

In 2024, we renewed the agreement on fundamental rights and the Group’s global social baseline, with UNI Global Union, the international trade union federation.

Applicable to all our employees as of 1 December 2024, it has incorporated the changes in our working methods since its initial signing in 2018 and makes it possible to strengthen, in relation to local regulations, the fundamental rights of our teams on subjects such as teleworking and parenting support. Furthermore, the Group is committed to the protection and support of employees, with the development of the global “We Care” programme for health and well-being around two major risks: sedentary lifestyles and mental health.

in growth in net income, Group share, in 2024 compared to 2023, on a distributable basis.

AI use cases in production at the end of 2024. 800

on sustainable bonds and loans (1) for the second consecutive year. # 1 IN THE WORLD

[Page 18] Thanks to the solidity of our Group and the strength of our diversified and integrated model, we support our clients and partners globally to help them develop and carry out their projects. Our commitment to them extends over the long term and in all phases of the economic cycle. By leveraging our leading business platforms and our position as a European leader in many markets, we support the development of a sustainable economy and create value for all our stakeholders. A diversified and integrated MODEL creating value

OUR COMPANY PURPOSE

OUR 2024 RESOURCES OUR 2024 VALUE CREATION

“We are at the service of our clients and the world we live in”

OUR STRATEGIC PLAN

For our clients

Human

For society and the environment

Growth

Technology

Sustainability

Nearly 178,000 (1) employees, including more than 144,000 in Europe

Pursuing profitable growth

Mobilising all our business

€6.4bn in taxes paid

by leveraging our leading

Placing technology at the heart of our clients’ and employees’ experience and of our

lines on sustainable

positions in Europe

operational performance

finance issues

99% employees completed at least four training courses during the year

A budget of over €76m for the Group’s philanthropy

Daily and long-term support for our clients (individuals, corporate clients and institutional clients), in 64 countries and territories, on all continents

€900bn in outstanding customer loans

5 million beneficiaries, since 2022, of products and services supporting financial inclusion

Nearly 133,000 employees have completed at least one training course in sustainable finance through our Sustainability Academy, since its creation

€1,035bn in customer deposits

R Y

S O

V I

E V

E R

A D

Y D

A Y

€1,377bn in assets under management

B

1,338,394 hours spent on solidarity initiatives by the Group’s employees in 2023 and 2024

Technological

A N

K I

N G

Over 800 artificial intelligence use cases under production

Nearly 17,000 external hires on permanent contracts at the Group

For our employees

Solid financial structure

Our Digital, Data & Agile Academy contributes to the reinforcement of skills (upskilling) and the acquisition of new ones (reskilling)

N G

Corporate & Institutional

C I

€179bn dedicated to supporting our clients in the transition to a low-carbon economy since 2022

€14bn in fixed and variable remuneration, incentive bonuses and profit-sharing paid

Banking (CIB)

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS)

A N

A growing pool of 1,200 APIs (3) handling over 1,390 million transactions per month

F I N

40,886 employees (1)

95,405 employees (1)

39% women in the SMP (Senior Management Position) population

P A

Revenues

Revenues (2)

Financial

Comprehensive

Y M

€17.9bn

€26.8bn

€285bn in assets under management in BNP Paribas Asset Management open-ended funds distributed in Europe, classified as Article 8 or 9 according to the SFDR (6)

More than 20,000 Group internal recruitments

E N

€11.7bn in net income, Group share

and long-term client-centric

T S

approach

€134.1bn in equity

4.5% of the Group’s shares held by employees

Integrated platforms and

76% of our stock of energy production financing dedicated to low-carbon energies, as at the end of September 2024

€480bn in immediately available liquidity reserve (4)

Sector diversification and prudent risk

approaches

A 12.9% Common Equity Tier 1 ratio

management

I N

Investment & Protection Services (IPS)

V E

For our shareholders and investors

S T

M E

€5.4bn dedicated, since 2022, to financing companies contributing to protect terrestrial and marine biodiversity

18,204 employees (1)

N T

S

A €4.79 net dividend per share (5)

Revenues

A €67bn market capitalisation

G S

€5.8bn

V I N

S A

P R

O T

E C

T I O

N

(1) Figure as at 31 December 2024. The number of employees is reported in Full-Time Equivalents (headcount in proportion to their working time) on permanent or temporary contracts, excluding employees on unpaid leave. This figure has been rounded. (2) For CPBS, revenues include 100% of Private Banking in commercial & personal banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects). (3) Application Programming Interfaces. (4) Liquid market assets or eligible assets in central banks (counterbalancing capacity), taking into account prudential standards, notably US standards, minus intra-day payment system needs. (5) Subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025. (6) The European Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) identifies funds according to their sustainability potential. The Article 8 classification concerns funds declaring that social and/or environmental criteria are taken into account. The Article 9 classification concerns funds with a sustainable investment objective.

[Page 19] OUR STRATEGY

The CIB division aims to be the long-term preferred European partner for its corporate and institutional clients. It is particularly committed to supporting them in their transition to a more sustainable model.

The development of this strategy is based on three priorities:

capitalise on the Group’s

diversified, integrated and at-scale model;

leverage its ability to connect

its corporate and institutional franchises;

gain new market share in

a consolidating industry.

OUR PROGRESS IN 2024

GLOBAL BANKING

GLOBAL MARKETS

SECURITIES SERVICES

By combining a global platform

As a specialist in capital markets

Ranked among the world’s leading

with a local presence, Global Banking

investment and financing, Global

players in securities custody, the

THREE OPERATING divisions

provides corporate clients with a

Markets offers a broad range of

business line securely stores and

wide range of products and services,

investment, hedging, financing,

manages the assets of banks, fund

including financing solutions and

research and market analysis products

managers, insurance companies,

In 2024, against a backdrop of continued market disruption, CIB drew on its three strong and integrated business lines to pursue its long-term strategy to serve its clients. All three demonstrated their growth potential and heightened resilience in the face of economic cycles. Through increasing market shares, the division bolstered its position as the leading European CIB in EMEA.

securitisation in collaboration with

and services across all asset classes.

pension funds and sovereign wealth

Thus, in 2024, CIB:

Global Markets, as well as primary

It is aimed at a wide range of

funds, while ensuring the smooth

activities in the bond and equity

institutional and corporate clients

running of their financial transactions.

intensified cross-selling and

markets, advice on mergers and

operating internationally. Global Markets

It helps to increase their global

serving our clients

acquisitions, and transaction banking

is contributing to the emergence of

investment opportunities, manage

expertise. Global Banking supports

a carbon-neutral economy and a more

their risks and improve their

inter-regional dynamics, fully exploiting the potential of the integrated model to serve clients and finance the economy;

its clients in their transition to a

socially responsible world, by helping

operational efficiency. With a view

accelerated its development as

BNP Paribas is organised around three operating divisions: Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB), Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) and Investment & Protection Services (IPS). Focused on our clients’ needs, they represent the three pillars of our diversified and integrated business model. Designed to foster collaboration between all our business lines and to meet the expectations of our stakeholders, these divisions implement a comprehensive, shared approach in order to enhance each other’s expertise and provide our clients with bespoke, long-term support for all their projects.

low-carbon economy by mobilising

to helping institutional investors

its clients to integrate ESG (1) criteria into

a comprehensive range of products

along their transition path, Securities

their market activities and by developing

a result of the investments made to strengthen its franchises;

and services, supported by a network

Services is incorporating new,

sustainable solutions.

consolidated its position as

of experts in sustainable transition.

customisable and flexible ESG (1)

criteria, thus enabling more responsible monitoring of their portfolios.

“Bond House & Europe InvestmentGrade Corporate Bond House – EMEA Leveraged Finance House” (IFR Awards 2024).

“World’s Best Bank for Securities Services” (Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2024).

As part of our strategic plan, CIB

is implementing its goal of becoming

a key partner in the transition to a low-carbon economy by mobilising its teams and reinforcing its expertise, notably through the Low-Carbon Transition Group (LCTG). CIB is the leader in sustainable financing worldwide and in the EMEA region (2) .

the leading European player among the major global corporate and institutional

C

banks, as well as the preferred partner

of its clients in their transition to sustainable development. Operating in

three major regions – Europe, Middle

East and Africa (EMEA); Americas; AsiaPacific (APAC) – its teams work to meet

client expectations as fully as possible through three dedicated business lines.

Corporate & Institutional Banking

“Loan sustainability coordinator of the year; Lead manager of the year, sustainability bonds – sovereign; Lead manager of the year, sustainability bonds – supranational, sub-sovereign and agency (SSA)” (Environmental Finance Sustainable Debt Awards 2024). orporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) acts as a bridge between two types of clients: corporate clients and institutional clients – banks, insurance companies and asset managers. CIB teams connect the financing needs of the former with the investment opportunities sought by the latter, by offering them tailormade solutions in the areas of capital markets, securities services, financing, risk management, cash management and financial advice.

Yann Gérardin, Chief Operating Officer, Corporate & Institutional Banking

(1) Environmental, social and governance. (2) Dealogic, All ESG Bonds & Loans, EMEA and Global rankings, in volume by bookrunner, 2024.

“Our clients’ long-term trust is rooted in the remarkable commitment of our teams. More than ever, we are working alongside corporate and institutional clients to help them navigate a rapidly changing world and seize all the opportunities that arise. We strive to make our ties even stronger tomorrow.”

[Page 20] clients, by financing more

BNP Paribas Personal Investors

FLOA

OUR STRATEGY

sustainable equipment and

As one of the key players in fintech,

is present in Germany through three

providing services to promote

Floa develops payment facilities

brands: Consorsbank, DAB

the circular economy.

and innovative financial services

BNP Paribas and BNP Paribas Wealth

(such as “Buy Now Pay Later” split

Management Private Banking (3) .

payments) for consumers, retailers

2 million clients.

and fintechs. Its technological

expertise enables it to guarantee

HELLO BANK!

More than 317,000 projects financed in 2024, amounting to €16.3 billion. The total amount of assets under management at the end of December 2024 was €40.4 billion.

Drawing on its market-leading positions in two-thirds of its business lines and the ongoing transformation of its operating model, the CPBS division boasts significant growth potential. Its vision fuels the action plans of its business lines to provide support for the growth of revenues and make them more attractive.

simplified and secure payments,

BNP Paribas’ 100% digital offering

both online and in-store.

To achieve its goals, CPBS aims to:

provides its individual customers

BNP PARIBAS PERSONAL FINANCE

Leader in France, Floa is also

with real-time daily banking

BNP Paribas Personal Finance is

accelerate the significant and

present in Spain, Belgium, Italy

services, with credit, savings,

a major player in consumer credit in

and Portugal.

profitable growth of its specialised business lines;

investment and insurance solutions

Europe. Under its various commercial

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

adapted to their new uses and

strengthen its leadership in Europe

brands, it offers a full range of

ways of working. In France, it also

consumer loans through a variety

Over 4 million clients and more than 15,000 e-commerce partners and points of sale.

for corporate clients and the private banking segment;

provides a range of services and

of distribution channels. BNP Paribas

develop its retail banking activities to

support to entrepreneurs.

Personal Finance is developing an

Based on the One Bank for

Hello bank! operates in France,

active partnership strategy with large

Corporates approach, Cash

Belgium, Germany and Italy.

retailers, car manufacturers and

Management (#1 in Europe for large

distributors, e-merchants and other

3.7 million clients.

better respond to changes in the uses of its customers and become even more attractive, while adapting its operating model;

corporate clients), Trade Finance

financial institutions. Moreover, the

(#1 in Europe) and Factoring (#1 in

pursue the continuous improvement

OUR SPECIALISED BUSINESSES

financing of clean mobility and home

NICKEL

of its operational efficiency.

Europe), operating in synergy with

improvement are two major pillars

Nickel, launched in France in 2014,

the Global Banking business line of

OUR COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING ENTITIES

ARVAL

of its development strategy.

offers a current account available

the Corporate & Institutional Banking

Arval is a major player in the vehicle

OUR PROGRESS IN 2024

in five minutes from its partners

division, complete the offering

With four commercial & personal

C

leasing market and offers a range

at tobacconists or Nickel Points

provided to commercial & personal

banking entities in the eurozone

of mobility solutions: car-sharing,

(over 11,500 in Europe at the end

banking corporate clients.

(France, Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg)

long-term bicycle leasing, bicycleof 2024). Its customers can pay

and commercial & personal banking

sharing and mobility pass. It offers

and be paid via a simple and

BNP Paribas Personal Finance provides support for households in the financing of the energy transition and had €10 billion in sustainable assets at the end of December 2024.

For its part, the Wealth Management

networks outside the eurozone

its clients (large international

ommercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS), which brings together all our commercial & personal banking entities and a number of specialised businesses, positions itself as a long-term and trusted companion for its clients. Efficient and agile, the division meets their financial needs and much more, serving their best interests and those of society as a whole.

inclusive offer based on four values:

activity is developing its private

(in Ukraine, Poland, Türkiye, Kosovo,

groups, mid-caps or SMEs,

universality, simplicity, usefulness

BNP PARIBAS PERSONAL INVESTORS

banking model in our commercial

Morocco, Algeria and China through

professionals and private individuals)

As part of our strategic plan, CPBS is working to

In an economic environment that remains uncertain, our commercial & personal banking entities and specialised businesses continued to provide agility and performance to serve their clients, consolidating the division’s development strategy and confirming the goals of the Group’s strategic plan.

and kindness. On the strength of its

In addition to its traditional online

& personal banking entities.

its minority stake in Bank of Nanjing),

flexible solutions to make their

keep improving on the recommendations made

digital model and a local distribution

brokerage business, BNP Paribas

Thus, CPBS continued to:

BNP Paribas offers its clients a wide

journeys smooth and responsible.

by its clients and employees, with an increasingly

network in France, Spain, Belgium,

Personal Investors offers its individual

develop its sustainable financing

range of products and services. From

With the goal of leasing 400,000 fullpersonalised, enhanced and responsible product

Portugal and Germany, Nickel

customers a wide range of banking,

savings to investments, and from

electric vehicles by 2026 and offering

and service offering. By relying on an ecosystem

maintained a sustained rate of

credit and savings services, as well

financing to payment solutions or

mobility solutions across all its

of partners, CPBS teams combine the best of digital

customer acquisition throughout

as shortand long-term investment

mobility, CPBS teams are at their side

regions, Arval has positioned itself as

technologies and human support to offer clients an

the year.

solutions. This business line also

to implement all their projects.

a key player in the energy transition

innovative and high-quality relationship.

provides innovative digital services to

services and solutions and the know-how of its teams to provide personalised support to its clients in their transition, notably in the field of sustainable mobility and the energy renovation of homes;

and in sustainable mobility.

Commercial & Personal

transform its relationship model

(1) Excluding Fintro clients. (2) Source: Frost & Sullivan at the end of December 2023. (3) On 27 November 2024, 100% of BNP Paribas Personal Investors’ Indian activities were sold to the Mirae group. (4) Figure as at 31 December 2024.

Over 4.3 million individual customer accounts have been opened since Nickel’s launch in 2014 (4) .

independent financial advisers, asset managers and fintechs.

Banking in France (CPBF)

More than 8 million clients

 BNP Paribas Fortis in Belgium

Arval is the second largest player in the European multi-brand vehicle long-term leasing sector, ranked #1 in Poland, #2 in France, Spain, Italy and Belgium, and #3 in the Netherlands (2) .

More than 3.8 million clients (1)

to offer its clients the best available people and digital technologies by reinforcing the know-how of its teams and developing self-care, for example through the launch of virtual assistants;

BNL in Italy

industrialise its operational model

2.6 million clients

BNP PARIBAS LEASING SOLUTIONS BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions

BGL BNP Paribas

in Luxembourg

offers equipment leasing and financing solutions to corporate

Nearly 184,000 clients

clients and professionals through

various commercial channels

and its technological transformation, benefiting in particular from the full potential of artificial intelligence to optimise its processes, the efficiency of its sales pathways and commercial actions, as well as the refinement of its pricing;

Europe-Mediterranean in Ukraine, Poland, Türkiye,

(partnerships with manufacturers,

foster cooperation among its

Kosovo, Morocco, Algeria

distributors and resellers of professional equipment, directly via

and in China through a minority stake

companies or from our commercial

More than 16 million clients

business lines and extend the crossfunctional nature of its approach, differentiating BNP Paribas in the market and generating an increase in its cross-selling revenues.

& personal banking network). BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions

is committed to the ecological

Thierry Laborde, Chief Operating Officer, Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

transition of its partners and

“Our strong performance, driven by the commitment of our teams, demonstrates the significant momentum that has gathered pace throughout the year. By continuing to innovate with determination, we are enhancing the quality of our clients’ experience to remain their trusted companion over the long term.”

[Page 21] systematic, quantitative & index;

The insurer has committed to

its ongoing drive for innovation,

OUR STRATEGY

and liquidity solutions –

aligning its portfolios with a carbon

BNP Paribas Wealth Management

OUR SPECIALISED BUSINESSES

with investment processes

neutrality trajectory by 2050.

continues to enhance its range

incorporating quantitative,

of digital solutions to provide

fundamental and ESG research.

BNP PARIBAS CARDIF BNP Paribas Cardif is a global

a customised client experience.

In 2024, BNP Paribas Asset

leader in bancassurance

It also strives to complement

#1 worldwide in creditor protection insurance (1) ; €287 billion in assets under management at the end of 2024.

Management published its

partnerships. In collaboration

its responsible offering to align

As part of our strategic plan, IPS aims to become a leading European player in responsible protection, savings and investments. To this end, the division is ramping up the development of its service offering and strengthening its distribution networks.

Equality Roadmap and launched

with over 500 distribution

with the convictions of each of its

IPS has thus set itself three priorities:

BNP PARIBAS

two funds illustrating its

partners, it designs, develops and

clients in terms of sustainability.

WEALTH MANAGEMENT

accelerate financial savings

commitment to sustainability:

markets savings and protection

development;

BNP Paribas Wealth Management

one dedicated to the net-zero

solutions to insure people

supports entrepreneurs, family

capture growth in private assets;

transition and another, in

and their property. It helps

offices and high-net-worth

Investment & Protection Services

partnership with International

its policyholders to carry out

strengthen leadership in

With €462 billion in assets under management in 2024, BNP Paribas Wealth Management is a worldleading private bank and the leading private bank in the eurozone (2) .

individuals in their wealth

Woodland Company, to invest

their projects while protecting

responsible investments.

management and financing

in sustainable forestry.

them against the vagaries of

BNP PARIBAS

projects. In Europe, BNP Paribas

life. Committed to society, to its

OUR PROGRESS IN 2024

ASSET MANAGEMENT

Wealth Management is

partners and to their customers,

BNP Paribas Asset Management

developing its private banking

BNP Paribas Cardif has set itself

provides investment solutions

activity alongside BNP Paribas’

the mission to make insurance

integrating a sustainability

commercial & personal banking

more accessible. As an investor,

90% of the assets under management of its European open-ended funds are classified as Article 8 or 9 within the meaning of the European SFDR regulation, equivalent to €285 billion (4) .

In a changing context, IPS has been able to adjust its modus operandi and its offering to better meet the needs of its clients by:

approach to individual savers,

entities. In all regions, notably

it helps give meaning to the

strengthening franchises through

O

corporate clients and institutional

in Asia, it also relies on the

investments of its policyholders

BNP PARIBAS REAL ESTATE

investors. It focuses its expertise

Corporate & Institutional Banking

and has set itself a target of

BNP Paribas Real Estate

on five core capabilities – highbusiness lines to meet the

allocating an average of €1 billion

provides support for its clients –

the expansion of its Entrepreneurs & Families client base and the acquisition of Neuflize Vie (highnet-worth customers in France);

conviction active strategies;

most sophisticated needs of its

per year by 2025 to positive

institutional investors, property

ur Investment & Protection Services division (IPS) brings together our activities dedicated to protection, savings, investment and real estate services. The division designs and rolls out innovative and responsible products to support individuals, professionals, corporate clients and institutional investors in their projects and their transition to a sustainable economy.

entrepreneur clients. As part of

emerging markets; private assets;

impact investments.

consolidating distribution

owners, corporate clients,

local authorities, individuals,

As part of our strategic plan, IPS aims to become

etc. – at all stages of the real

a European benchmark in responsible protection,

estate asset life cycle: property

savings and investment. To this end, the division

development, transactions,

through a solid partnership dynamic for BNP Paribas Cardif and the successful start of the insurance partnership with BCC Iccrea in Italy;

is enhancing its range of services and solutions,

consulting, valuation, investment

expanding its product offering

expanding its distribution network, and consolidating

management and property

its leadership in social and environmental

management. It operates in all

responsibility. IPS is also continuing to optimise the

with a strong pace of ESG and private assets fund launches by BNP Paribas Asset Management;

asset classes, from offices to

digitisation of its business lines to make them ever

housing, including industrial

confirming its positions on

more agile, efficient and at the cutting edge

premises, logistics, hotels and

of technology.

retail spaces. Committed to

a sustainable and long-term

sustainability, as illustrated by the leadership of BNP Paribas Asset Management on SFDR Article 8 and 9 funds;

approach, BNP Paribas Real

accelerating its technological

Estate is recognised as a leading

player in terms of social and

environmental responsibility.

transformation, through the integration of artificial intelligence and the deployment of new tools for the savings customer journey.

In 2024, IPS also signed the planned acquisition of AXA Investment Managers, which represents a major strategic transformation.

Active in 23 countries with offices in 11 European countries, platforms in Hong Kong (SAR China), Dubai and Singapore, and a network of commercial alliances with local partners in Europe and the United States.

Renaud Dumora, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Investment & Protection Services

(1) Finaccord, 2024. (2) Investor communications, in amount of assets under management as published by the main banks in the eurozone on 31 December 2024. (3) Environmental, social and governance. (4) BNP Paribas Asset Management figures as at 31 December 2024. According to the European Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), which identifies funds according to their sustainability potential, funds classified as Article 8 declare the consideration of social and/or environmental criteria, while those classified as Article 9 present a sustainable investment objective.

“In 2024, Investment & Protection Services accelerated its platformisation and its use of artificial intelligence, delivered solid organic growth and launched transformative external growth projects. These dynamics will enable the division to change dimension and better meet the expectations of its clients.”

[Page 22] Our shareholders AND INVESTORS Our g overnance BODIES

OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS

INFORMING OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND OUR INVESTORS

SUSTAINABLE FINANCE AT THE HEART OF OUR GOVERNANCE

Our governance system in

O

A SHAREHOLDER BASE THAT STANDS OUT FOR ITS STABILITY AND LOYALTY Shareholding structure as at 31 December 2024 (in % of voting rights)

terms of sustainable finance has

been strengthened since 2021.

Since then, three committees,

37.35%

33.36%

including members of the General

Management, have been working

to support the integration of

these issues into the Group’s

BNP Paribas provides all its shareholders with rigorous, regular, consistent and highquality information, in accordance with the recommendations of the stock market authorities and best market practices. Our Investor Relations team informs institutional investors and financial analysts about the Company’s strategy, significant developments and financial results, published each quarter.

1.14 % 0.94% 4.95% 3.57%

7.07% 6.01% 5.60%

strategy and within each entity.

ur main governance bodies are the Board of Directors and the Executive Officers (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officers). Acting in the interest of the Group and its stakeholders, notably its shareholders and investors, they steer the strategy in line with a long-term vision and a sustainable growth objective. The Board of Directors determines the strategic orientations of BNP Paribas based on proposals made by the General Management, which, assisted by its Executive Committee, implements them and manages day-to-day business.

THE STRATEGIC COMMITTEE

OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND OUR INVESTORS

Non-European

COMMUNICATING WITH OUR INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS: THE SHAREHOLDER LIAISON COMMITTEE

Under the leadership of the

European institutional

institutional

Individual shareholders (1)

BlackRock Inc SFPI (2) Amundi Group FCPE (3)

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

Directly held by employees

investors (1)

investors (1)

Director and Chief Executive

They have three main responsibilities: • electing Directors (excluding Directors

Officer, it met five times in 2024.

It notably ruled on our loan

(1) Based on analyses from the SRD 2 surveys – Institutional investors excluding BlackRock (in 2022, 2023 and 2024) and Amundi (in 2023 and 2024). (2) “Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement”: a public‑interest limited company (société anonyme) acting on behalf of the Belgian State. (3) The voting rights of the FCPE (profit‑sharing scheme) are exercised, after the decision is taken by the Supervisory Board, by its Chairman.

portfolios alignment commitments

for new sectors, updating the Risk

Appetite Statement and the Pillar 3

SHAREHOLDER DASHBOARD

This Committee is made up of 10 shareholders, chosen for their geographical and socioprofessional representativeness, as well as two current or former employees. They are appointed for a term of three years. It meets several times a year.

ESG disclosures.

representing employees); • voting on resolutions; • conducting dialogue, exchanging ideas and contributing to discussions: - the Investor Relations team informs them about

IN EUROS 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024

THE INFRASTRUCTURE COMMITTEE

LEADING THE SHAREHOLDER COMMUNITY: THE “CERCLE DES ACTIONNAIRES”

the Group’s strategy, significant developments and results; - the Shareholder Relations team answers questions

Net income attributable to the shareholders per share (1) 5.31 7.26 7.80 9.21 9.57

Under the direction of the Group’s

Net book value per share (2) 82.3 88.0 89.0 96.0 102.5

Deputy Chief Operating Officer, this

Assisted by four specialised committees, the Board brings together the expertise of 14 Directors (see pages 44-45). It performs several missions: •  representing all shareholders and ensuring the quality of shareholder relationships; •  determining the Group’s strategic orientations on the recommendation of the General Management, with an objective of creating long-term value, whilst taking into account the social and environmental challenges of BNP Paribas’ activities; •  overseeing the quality of the information provided to shareholders and the markets; •  reviewing and approving the financial statements, ensuring their fairness; •  preventing and managing risks; •  ensuring compliance with internal control obligations; •  establishing the compensation policy for the Company’s Directors, Corporate Officers and regulated employees; •  appointing the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and, upon proposal of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officers; •  conducting the periodic review of the selection, appointment and succession process of Directors and Corporate Officers.

from the Bank’s 416,300 individual shareholders; - the “Cercle des actionnaires” (Shareholders’ Club)

committee met nine times in 2024

Net dividend per share 2.66 (3) 3.67 (5) 3.90 (6) 4.60 (7) 4.79 (8)

to monitor the deployment – at

OUR GENERAL MANAGEMENT

the methodological, normative

Cash payout ratio (%) (9) 50.00 (4) 50.00 (5) 50.00 (6) 50.00 (7) 50.00 (8)

brings together some 46,500 individual shareholders who own at least 200 BNP Paribas shares; - in 2024, the Shareholder Liaison Committee held

and operational levels – of

SHARE PRICE

processes and reports related to

sustainable finance, such as the ESG

Highest (10) 54.22 62.55 68.07 67.02 73.08

Assessment.

two meetings, primarily to discuss the capital structure and changes therein, the quarterly results and the economic outlook in a complex and uncertain environment.

Lowest (10) 24.51 39.71 40.67 47.02 53.08

THE REGULATORY COMMITTEE

Year-end 43.105 60.77 53.25 62.59 59.22

Chaired by the Group General

The “Cercle des actionnaires” (Shareholders’ Club) brings together some 46,500 shareholders owning at least 200 BNP Paribas shares. Its members benefit from a wide range of events throughout France, in line with the Group’s commitments. Nearly 300 events were organised for them in 2024. For the first time and in line with the Group’s Climate strategy, the “Cercle’s” teams provided individual shareholders with the opportunity to participate in exchange and training workshops on the Climate Fresk, which were a great success.

Counsel and the Head of Company

CAC 40 index on 31 December 5,551.41 7,153.03 6,473.76 7,543.18 7 , 380.74

Engagement, it met twice in 2024

At the heart of our governance is the principle of shareholder equality. None of the Bank’s shares entitles their holders to an increased dividend or double voting rights or limits the exercise of voting rights.

to inform its members about the

main regulatory texts. Among the

topics discussed were the notion

Assisted by its Executive Committee, it comprises a Director and Chief Executive Officer, two Chief Operating Officers and a Deputy Chief Operating Officer. It meets at least once a week. Its main missions are: •  recommending and implementing the strategy, overseeing the Group’s development and managing its day-to-day activities; •  informing and reporting to the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee comprises General Management and the Heads of BNP Paribas’ main business lines and functions (see pages 46-47).

of sustainable investment in the

context of the SFDR (1) regulation

and the French and European

(1) Based on the average number of shares outstanding during the year. Calculated in 2023 on the basis of the distributable 2023 earnings and the number of shares outstanding at year‑end. (2) Before distribution. Revalued net book value based on the number of shares outstanding at year‑end. (3) €1.11 distributed following the approval of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 18 May 2021, plus €1.55 distributed following the approval of the Ordinary Annual General Meeting of 24 September 2021; taking into account only the distribution of the 2020 dividend. (4) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2020 dividend. (5) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2021 dividend and not taking into account the €900 million share buyback programme, executed between 1 November 2021 and 6 December 2021. (6) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2022 dividend and not taking into account the €962 million share buyback programme in respect of the so‑called “ordinary” distribution. (7) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2023 dividend and not taking into account the €1.05 billion share buyback programme in respect of the so‑called “ordinary” distribution. (8) Subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025 and not taking into account the €1.08 billion share buyback programme planned for 2025. (9) Cash dividend distribution recommended at the Annual General Meeting expressed as a percentage of distributable net income attributable to shareholders. (10) Recorded intra‑day during trading session.

legal frameworks on the Duty

(1) Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation. (2) Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive.

of Care (CS3D (2) ).

[Page 23] J

I

of Directors Our BOARD

MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

K

L

AS AT 1 JANUARY 2025

INTERNAL CONTROL, RISK MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE

T

M

N

A

B

This committee reviews the overall strategy in terms of risks, including those of a social and environmental nature, based on the indicators communicated to it under the framework set by the regulations in force. It considers any specific issues related to these matters and methods. It also examines issues relating to internal control, compliance and monitoring of compensation principles with regard to risks.

6 members

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, ETHICS, NOMINATIONS AND CSR COMMITTEE

A JEAN LEMIERRE Chairman of the Board of Directors of BNP Paribas

H VANESSA LEPOULTIER Financial Advisor, Director representing employees of BNP Paribas

 B JEAN-LAURENT BONNAFÉ Director and Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas

I LIEVE LOGGHE Chief Financial Officer of Boortmalt International

he Board of Directors is composed of 14 members, including one representing employee shareholders and two representing employees. They are appointed for a term of three years. It sets the Group’s strategic priorities on the recommendation of the General Management, which implements them. It strives to promote the creation of long-term value in line with the social and environmental challenges to which BNP Paribas’ activities are exposed. It has three general powers: • examining the Group’s strategic choices; • contributing to the correct functioning of the Group; •  giving its prior approval to any significant investment or divestment decision and to any major strategic transaction that falls outside the approved guidelines. It is also responsible for promoting CSR and overseeing risk management. Lastly, it ensures that high-quality financial and sustainability information is communicated.

D

C

 C JACQUES ASCHENBROICH Chairman of the Board of Directors of Orange

This committee is responsible for monitoring compliance with corporate governance principles and taking account of regulatory developments and best practices in corporate governance. Its missions also include: •  identifying, selecting and ensuring the succession of Directors and committee members; •  conducting the periodic review of the process for the selection,

THE SUPPORT OF FOUR SPECIALISED COMMITTEES

J MARIE-CHRISTINE LOMBARD Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Board of Geodis

appointment and succession of Corporate Officers;

Set up within the Board of Directors, these committees make proposals to facilitate its functioning.

K CHRISTIAN NOYER Director of companies

•  assessing the Board of Directors; •  assessing the independence of Directors; •  monitoring CSR issues and integrating them in the performance

D JULIETTE BRISAC Head of Governance and Permanent Control of the Group Company Engagement, Director representing employee shareholders of BNP Paribas

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS COMMITTEE

of its duties.

4 members

L DANIELA SCHWARZER Member of the Executive Board of the Bertelsmann Foundation

E MONIQUE COHEN Director of companies

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

F

E

M ANNEMARIE STRAATHOF Director of companies

F HUGUES EPAILLARD Business Manager Real Estate, Director representing employees of BNP Paribas

N MICHEL TILMANT Director of companies

This committee monitors the process for preparing financial and sustainability information, the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems for accounting and financial matters, the statutory audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements by the Statutory Auditors, and periodic controls. This Committee also ensures the independence of the Statutory Auditors.

G MARION GUILLOU Independent Director

6 members

This committee is responsible for the annual review of the Group’s compensation policy principles, as well as: •  the remuneration, allowances and benefits granted to the Company’s Directors and Corporate Officers, and those of some of the Group’s major French subsidiaries; •  the remuneration of the regulated categories of personnel; •  the oversight of the remuneration of the Head of Risk Management, the Head of Compliance and the Head of the “Inspection Générale”.

H

G

5 members

[Page 24] Our EXECUTIVE

E MICHAEL ANSEEUW Director and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Board of BNP Paribas Fortis

F MARC CAMUS Chief Information Officer

Committee

G CHARLOTTE DENNERY Director and Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas Personal Finance

J

E

A

H ELENA GOITINI Chief Executive Officer of BNL

MEMBERS OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

I ÉLISE HERMANT Head of Communications

AS AT 1 APRIL 2025

O C

J YANNICK JUNG Head of Corporate & Institutional Banking Global Banking

A JEAN-LAURENT BONNAFÉ Director and Chief Executive Officer

K PAULINE LECLERC-GLORIEUX Director and Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas Cardif

P

K

F

B

omprising the four members of the General Management and 15 members responsible for the business lines or central functions, our Executive Committee sets and implements BNP Paribas’ strategy. In 2024, it continued to drive forward the Group’s strategic plan aimed at consolidating BNP Paribas’ European leadership so that it can carry on growing and become stronger, more profitable and increasingly useful to its clients and to society as a whole.

L ISABELLE LOC Head of Commercial & Personal Banking in France

B YANN GÉRARDIN Chief Operating Officer in charge of Corporate & Institutional Banking

This roadmap is based on the expertise and commitment of our employees, working for and with our clients on a daily and long-term basis.

M STÉPHANIE MAAREK Head of Compliance

LEADING THE TRANSITION TO A SUSTAINABLE ECONOMY

C THIERRY LABORDE Chief Operating Officer in charge of Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

N LARS MACHENIL Chief Financial Officer

The Executive Committee coordinates the various sources of BNP Paribas’ dynamism to accelerate

O PHILIPPE MAILLARD Chief Operating Officer

Q

C

G

L

D RENAUD DUMORA Deputy Chief Operating Officer in charge of Investment & Protection Services

P SOFIA MERLO Head of Human Resources

the transition to a sustainable economic model and to support all our clients on this path. All our teams and all our entities are involved in this major roll-out of sustainable finance.

Q OLIVIER OSTY Head of Corporate & Institutional Banking Global Markets

INCREASING THE NUMBER OF WOMEN IN GOVERNING BODIES

R ANNE POINTET Head of Company Engagement

H

R

M

D

S FRANK RONCEY Chief Risk Officer

In 2024, 42% of BNP Paribas’ Executive Committee members were women, exceeding its target of 40% by 2025. The G100, which comprises 100 of the Group’s main senior managers, is 41% female. Among the Group’s Talents, the future successors to the management teams, the goal of parity has been achieved on average since 2022.

S

I

N

[Page 25] 50

BUSINESS ENABLERS REINFORCING OUR POSITIONS TO BETTER SERVE OUR CLIENTS

VISION

58

INNOVATION CATALYSTS INTEGRATING TECHNOLOGY INTO OUR SOLUTIONS

66

TRANSITION MAKERS SUPPORTING OUR CLIENTS IN THEIR TRANSITION PROJECTS

74

IMPETUS ACCELERATION

INCLUSION ADVOCATES ACTING FOR FINANCIAL AND SOCIAL INCLUSION

M

obilised to meet economic, technological, environmental and societal challenges, BNP Paribas is drawing on its position as a European leader and the expertise of its teams to support its clients’ development, take full advantage of technology and contribute to a sustainable and inclusive economy. To this end, we are implementing various concrete actions, alongside our clients and partners, aimed at supporting and accelerating together the transitions currently under way.

[Page 26] BUSINESS ENABLERS

Reinforcing our positions to better serve our clients C

ommitted to our clients – whether corporate, individual or institutional – we provide support for their development. Working alongside them on a daily basis and over the long term, we anticipate their needs in terms of banking and beyond, and help them take their projects through to conclusion. Whether fund-raising, international acquisitions or deployment of innovative services, we mobilise our teams, resources and expertise in a coordinated manner so that our clients can achieve their goals. To this end, we are relying on our position as a European leader, while continuing to reinforce our positions across all our business lines and regions.

[Page 27] “The future of electric mobility involves

the implementation of a fast-charging

“By funding marine protected areas, we combine marine conservation with

solution, as close to the needs

the economic development of local

of users as possible.”

communities.”

BLUE ALLIANCE

or through a revenue-sharing mechanism. The financing covers four kinds of activities: responsible ecotourism, community-based aquaculture, sustainable fishing and soon, the restoration of mangroves to capture CO 2 .

individuals and professionals, particularly at shopping centres and transport hubs, close to restaurants, supermarkets and hotels. These are all partners to whom our stations provide both land revenue and a lever to attract more visitors.

70 endangered species and improves the livelihoods of 38,000 people living around these areas. In addition to ecological conservation, its model targets the economic empowerment of local communities and conservation, through the generation of longterm revenues as part of the blue economy.

Structured by BNP Paribas’ Impact Investment team (4) , this facility provides patient capital, enabling companies to reach a sufficient level of development before any repayment, and its interest rate is indexed to the achievement of objectives with positive impact on marine ecosystems and communities.

Created in 2015 by Nicolas Pascal and Angelique Brathwaite, Blue Alliance Marine Protected Areas regenerates the biodiversity of threatened coral reefs while supporting coastal communities. It manages 1.7 million hectares of marine protected areas in Indonesia, the Philippines and Zanzibar. It regenerates coral reefs and mangroves, protects more than

ELISE

After three years of work, the 165 scientists from around the world who make up the Intergovernmental SciencePolicy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES), the biodiversity equivalent of the IPCC’s climate experts (1) , have drawn up an alarming report on coral reefs. Of all the ecosystems threatened with extinction in the next 10 to 50 years, coral reefs are the main concern. The three main causes of their decline are the warming of the oceans due to climate change, pollution and overfishing (2) . Marine protected areas (MPAs (3) ) provide a comprehensive response to the simultaneous effects of these causes: protecting biodiversity, increasing fish stocks, improving the standard of living of local communities and developing income from tourism.

According to the European Automobile Manufacturers Association, electric cars accounted for 15.4% of new car registrations on the continent in 2024 (1) . This figure masks strong disparities, with Norway leading in all categories at 90%. One of the reasons for this lead is its highly advanced power charging network. Less than ten years before the ban on internal combustion vehicles sales, planned for 2035, the electrification of the European market is accelerating. Two reasons support this adoption. One is related to consumption, with decreasing purchase prices and sustained growth in terms of autonomy and charging speed. The second is regulatory, with the tightening of the European CAFE (2) standard thresholds from January 2025, forcing manufacturers to sell more electric vehicles.

ERBS

Chief Investment Officer of Electra

ELECTRA

NICOLAS

In order to contribute to the ecological transition and accelerate the adoption of electric models, we need to remove the charging barrier: an insufficient number of charging stations and a charging time that is still too long compared to the time it takes to fill a tank with petrol. These are the two challenges that Electra, positioned at the intersection of technology, infrastructure and mobility, has been tackling since its creation in 2020.

Eighteen thousand MPAs are listed worldwide, covering 30 million square kilometres of coastal water, or 8.2% of the surface of the oceans and seas, and nearly 70% of which are inoperative or severely underfunded. It is a situation deemed inadequate with regard to the so-called ‘30x30‘ agreement, promoted by the United Nations at the COP15 on biodiversity in 2022, which aims to protect 30% of the oceans by 2030. Moreover, most of these areas are struggling to develop properly due to insufficient funding.

PASCAL

Executive Director of Blue Alliance

To expand our network at the desired pace, we have a significant need for capital. To meet the high technical and operational standards we are aiming for, Electraline, our new multi-terminal networked charging station design, will require an average investment of more than half a million euros per site. To finance the rapid and profitable development of our scale-up (3) , we are relying on our global partnership with BNP Paribas. Their Green Desk, which is dedicated to energy transition players, understands our markets and the constraints we face. It provides us with a range of services ranging from cash management to fund-raising advice, as well as guarantees, which are crucial when bidding for public contracts, for example. With its support and that of the Corporate & Institutional Banking division, as financial advisor, we raised €304 million in equity in January 2024. This was the second largest fund-raising in Europe and the largest in France in the electric charging sector. We are pursuing our growth strategy, with a target of more than 2,200 stations by 2030, i.e. five times our current facilities and nearly 4 million tonnes of CO 2 saved. Development and the environment: a dual motivation at the heart of our strategy!”

We opened our Blue Finance Facility to third-party investors, for a target size of US$10 million. With an initial investment of US$2.4 million from BNP Paribas, we have launched community businesses in Indonesia, the Philippines, Tanzania and shortly in the Republic of Cabo Verde. In this way, we are supporting the regeneration of coral reefs in 1.7 million hectares of MPAs while improving the livelihoods and food security of 110,000 members of local communities, through the creation of direct and indirect jobs. This is the BNP Paribas Impact Investment team’s first financing in the blue economy. This pioneering role will help attract new investors to this critical but underfunded area of coral reef restoration and poverty alleviation in the Global South. This confidence encourages us to ambitiously scale up our approach in SouthEast Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa to achieve large-scale impact in these regions.”

€160 million in 2022 and €304 million in early 2024 – it is targeting 15,000 fast-charging points available in 2030. It joined the French Tech Next40, the support programme for the most promising French scale-ups.

Marine Protected Areas

Interview conducted on 13 March 2025.

Interview conducted on 10 March 2025.

Created at the end of 2020 by Aurélien de Meaux and Julien Belliato, Electra is a European operator of fast-charging stations whose goal is to support the electrification of mobility and the emergence of less noisy and less polluted cities. Through three fund-raising rounds – €15 million in 2021,

BUSINESS

(1) Including the United Kingdom and European Free Trade Association countries. (2) Since 1 January 2021, the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standard has imposed average CO 2 emission thresholds on carmakers that must not be exceeded, failing which there are penalties. The threshold was lowered on 1 January 2025. (3) The term “scale-up” refers to fledgling companies that have moved beyond start-up status.

(1) The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is an intergovernmental body responsible for assessing the magnitude, causes and consequences of climate change. (2) IPBES, December 2024. (3) According to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature: “a clearly defined geographical space, recognised, dedicated and managed, through legal or other effective means, to achieve the long-term conservation of nature with associated ecosystem services and cultural values”. (4) The Company Engagement department and BNP Paribas Asset Management are deploying the Group’s €200 million impact investment envelope.

As the French and European leader in fast charging for electric vehicles, we work every day to facilitate the adoption of electric cars. Our company has a network of more than 425 ultra-fast charging stations, i.e. more than 2,500 charging points, spread across nine European countries – France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Italy, Switzerland, Spain, Austria and Germany – in addition to more than 350 station planned openings in 2025. For each of them, we offer a reinvented user experience. With a full-recharge time of less than 20 minutes, our solution is the fastest on the market. It is also simple and convenient, thanks to a 100% digital process, that allows you to reserve a slot, monitor recharges, and pay via our mobile app. Lastly, we take great care to select the best locations, as close as possible to the needs of both private

It is precisely to give MPAs the resources they need to maximise their benefits that we created our Alliance ten years ago. We work with governments through management delegations to sustainably restore and protect coral reef ecosystems, while improving the livelihoods of local communities. To ensure the sustainability of our activities, we seek to diversify our sources of revenue by supplementing our public and philanthropic funds. This is why, in October 2024, we created an impact debt facility with the BNP Paribas teams. This ‘Blue Finance Facility‘, managed by Blue Alliance, provides long-term financing to local community businesses that help to preserve coral reefs, improve the incomes of vulnerable communities and contribute to financing the operation of MPAs, by paying them dividends

[Page 28] COMPANIES

Supporting our clients’ development

BNP Paribas Wealth Management strengthens its positions in Germany

Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

Signing of an agreement for the acquisition of AXA Investment Managers

Working with corporate clients of all sizes and in all business sectors, BNP Paribas provides them with a range of expert services to help them achieve their goals on the European and international markets. We take a look back at some significant initiatives and advances.

At the end of 2024, BNP Paribas and HSBC signed an agreement to acquire the latter’s private banking activities in Germany. This is a strategic market for BNP Paribas where the Group has been present for more than 75 years. Subject to regulatory approval, BNP Paribas Wealth Management, the leading private bank in the eurozone, will emerge from this transaction as one of the market leaders in Germany, with over €40 billion in assets under management. Germany brings strong growth potential to our private banking activities, particularly among Mittelstand businesses – SMEs and family businesses. The completion of this acquisition is expected in October 2025.

securitisation programme to support the development of Fox Rent a Car, the American subsidiary of Europcar Mobility Group, which has a network of 26 rental agencies and a fleet of 20,000 vehicles across the country. For their part, the Global Banking teams provided support for the French family-owned group Roquette, the world leader in plant-based ingredients and pharmaceutical excipients, in its acquisition of New York-based IFF Pharma Solutions. Subject to final closing, Roquette is now positioned as the global specialist in excipients for oral solutions. We worked on the financing and hedging of the transaction while acting as financial advisor to Roquette. This transaction illustrates our ability to operate in a cross-border context, on complex issues and within tight deadlines.

€ 1 bn

In December 2024, BNP Paribas Cardif signed an agreement with AXA for the full acquisition of AXA Investment Managers (AXA IM), after they entered into exclusive negotiations on 1 August 2024. This signature marks an important step in the acquisition process of AXA IM and the establishment of a long-term strategic partnership for the management of a large part of AXA’s assets. It follows the completion of the information and consultation procedure with the relevant representative social bodies on the strategic issues of the project. The complementary expertise of the asset management teams of BNP Paribas in listed and alternative assets, as well as in responsible investment, will prove valuable to better meet the needs of its clients. The operation is expected to close in mid-2025, subject to the agreement of the competent regulatory authorities.

Global Banking acted as global coordinator on the initial public offering (IPO) on Euronext Paris of Exosens, the world leader in amplification, detection and imaging technologies, for approximately €400 million. Completed through a private placement with leading institutional investors, this transaction was the largest one in France this year and valued the company over a billion euros. Exosens’ flexibility was therefore increased allowing to finance both its external growth strategy and R&D investments. At the same time, this transaction provided liquidity to its main shareholder HLD, after three years of structural operational and strategic changes. For its part, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions renewed its strategic long-term financing partnership with CNH and Iveco Group. Founded in 1997, the CNH Industrial Capital Europe joint venture now operates in nine European countries and provides leasing and financing solutions, insurance and services for CNH brand machinery and Iveco Group vehicles.

This is the market capitalisation of Exosens, following its IPO coordinated by Global Banking.

INVESTING TO SUPPORT TRANSITION PLAYERS In line with our approach of gearing private equity towards a low-carbon economy and supporting sustainable energy, BNP Paribas Fortis acquired a stake in Solora, a leading player in the installation, operation and maintenance of solar facilities. In doing so, BNP Paribas Fortis is demonstrating its willingness to contribute, alongside Solora’s founding shareholders and Junction Growth Investors, to the expansion of the company’s service offering and to the completion of targeted acquisitions.

ACCOMPANYING OUR CLIENTS IN THEIR TRANSATLANTIC DEVELOPMENT As part of our One Bank for Corporates approach, which aims to provide support for corporate clients worldwide as they expand geographically, teams from Commercial & Personal Banking in France and our Corporate & Institutional Banking division participated up to US$150 million in a US$600 million

[Page 29] Preferential loans to restore energy infrastructure in Ukraine

Mobilised to maintain the continuity of banking services in Ukraine, UKRSIBBANK continued its action by signing a memorandum of understanding to grant preferential loans to corporate clients in order to finance energy infrastructure restoration projects. Led by 17 major Ukrainian banks, this initiative aims to increase the country’s energy independence in a context where Ukrainians have to live, work and study with regular power outages due to the war.

Consorsbank innovates in portfolio management

BNP Paribas Cardif and Neuflize OBC join forces in the French life insurance market

A referral agreement between BGL BNP Paribas and ING Luxembourg

A new real estate service offering brings together property and asset management

BNP Paribas Cardif signed a strategic partnership with Neuflize OBC in the field of life insurance in France. This resulted in a distribution agreement and the acquisition of Neuflize Vie, the life insurance joint venture of AXA France and ABN Amro. This alliance extends the partnership that has been fostered for over 10 years by the two players, through the AEP commercial brand specialised in the design and marketing of high-end life insurance and capitalisation products. By bringing together their teams and combining their expertise, BNP Paribas Cardif and Neuflize OBC are consolidating their respective positions as leading players in asset management and wealth management on the French market.

With its brand-new investment account, Consorsbank offers its clients the opportunity to entrust the management of their asset portfolios to experienced professionals with ease and at very attractive rates. With this innovative product, a minimum investment of €750 is sufficient to access the expertise of around 300 experts from BNP Paribas Wealth Management, previously exclusively dedicated to managing the assets of highnet-worth investors. Clients can choose from five ESG strategies, ranging from defensive to offensive. The investment account combines the best of both worlds: digital fluidity and personalised human support.

Following an analysis of the Luxembourg market, ING decided to refocus its retail banking activities on personalised and specialised long-term financial services (personal and private banking). In addition, ING continues to develop its wholesale banking offering, targeting large corporate clients, institutional clients and investment funds. To facilitate this strategic development, in December 2024, ING entered into an agreement with BGL BNP Paribas, to offer an attractive alternative to its individual customers who benefit from daily banking services. Combining the opening of an account with special conditions and access to a wide range of products and services, this exclusive offer meets their daily banking needs.

Securities Services supports Flossbach von Storch’s international development

BNP Paribas Real Estate launches Operating Partner Services. This pan-European service offering combines the expertise of property management and asset management. Throughout the ownership of the real estate asset, from its acquisition to its disposal, it provides each major client, whether an asset manager or an investor, with full support in the operational execution of its property strategy. Responding to the new challenges of creating value and performance in an increasingly complex environment, this support goes far beyond the traditional tasks of property management in terms of expertise, coordination and ease of management.

With more than €70 billion in assets under management and 350 employees, Flossbach von Storch is one of the leading independent investment managers in Europe. Its clients are fund investors, institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals and families. To support its international expansion, Flossbach von Storch has appointed our Securities Services business line, one of the world’s leading specialists in this field, to provide a wide range of global custody, fund accounting and transfer agent services for its UCITS (1) funds in Germany and Luxembourg, representing over €50 billion in assets. This long-term value-creating partnership helps Flossbach von Storch seize growth opportunities, by leveraging the full range of flexible solutions and multi-local expertise of Securities Services.

(1) Undertakings for Collective Investments in Transferable Securities.

[Page 30] Integrating technology into our solutions

e are resolutely forward-looking and leverage the full potential of technology to enhance the experience of our clients and employees, as well as to optimise our operational performance. Through our targeted investments, allied to our strict security requirements, we are exploring new technological developments to better understand, listen to and serve our clients, with a particular focus on seizing the opportunities provided by artificial intelligence. To that end, we are building on our strong culture of innovation while reinforcing our strategic partnerships.

[Page 31] “The cloud enables continuous innovation and flexibility, while

guaranteeing data security.”

“We intend to make artificial intelligence accessible to as many people as possible, so that it becomes a useful and universal tool.”

MISTRAL AI

It develops leading models of open-source and proprietary languages and is recognised as the rising star of European AI. “ “

Founded in April 2023 by a trio of visionary researchers – Arthur Mensch, Guillaume Lample and Timothée Lacroix – Mistral AI specialises in generative artificial intelligence.

source (1) models, so that the community can use them freely and without restriction. The launch of our ‘Le Chat‘ conversational assistant, which boast unparalleled speed and meets the personal and professional needs of as many people as possible, takes the democratisation of AI even further. Crossing the one-million-user mark barely ten days after its launch, it has already found its audience.

simplified management, flexibility and security ‘by design‘ – while keeping their data on site in a controlled environment, which ensures full control and compliance with local and industry regulations. Exadata Cloud@Customer also provides economic benefits, by cutting maintenance costs and automating time-consuming tasks, and ecological benefits, by reducing the demand on servers and therefore the environmental impact.

CHRISTOPHE

Arthur Mensch, Guillaume Lample and Timothée Lacroix, three artificial intelligence (AI) engineers who had previously worked with Google and Meta, created Mistral AI at the end of April 2023. Their goal was clear: to democratise AI. Some say AI represents a new technological order or even an industrial revolution. Whatever we call it, we all agree that AI is already changing our lives, both personally and professionally, and will have a significant impact on our daily activities. In this context, Mistral AI wants to put AI in the hands of as many users as possible, so that they can make it a useful and universal tool. Accessibility is a fundamental value at the heart of our company’s DNA. It is our trademark and the engine of our development. It is in this spirit that Arthur Mensch, our Chairman, likes to refer to popular AI.

NEGRIER

Senior Vice-President EMEA South, Country Manager

Essential to the digital transformation of businesses, cloud (1) technologies are accelerating growth across all sectors. Companies seek to draw on their full potential while ensuring a secure environment. This balance, which is as essential as it is demanding, cannot be achieved through the implementation of a single response, but must be based on a combination of different types of clouds, whether public – shared among several companies – or private – dedicated to a single company. This architecture can be adapted as a multi-cloud or a hybrid cloud. The former involves deploying several clouds of the same type independently. A hybrid cloud involves the deployment of different types of interconnected clouds. Choosing the optimum solution for each specific need, companies can make the most of the cloud in terms of flexibility and continuous innovation, while complying with strict data security and confidentiality requirements.

of Oracle France

Through this collaboration, BNP Paribas is improving the experience of its clients via smoother data management and more personal services, while hosting its critical data in its data centres and ensuring that it is fully encrypted using keys held inhouse. Robust and flexible, this solution provides security for BNP Paribas clients and resilience for European regulators at a time when the regulation on digital operational resilience in the financial sector, the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) (2) , is coming into force. BNP Paribas thus has a unified and modern environment for these critical databases, and is able to meet its performance, security and data sovereignty requirements. These are also our requirements.

Thanks to our capacity to customise, we know how to deploy our cutting-edge models in a controlled manner within companies’ infrastructures, which allows us to meet the specific needs of regulated institutions, such as those in finance. We have been working with BNP Paribas almost since our inception, with the first use cases developed for Global Markets in September 2023. Our collaboration was then extended to the entire Group, leading to the signing of a multiyear partnership agreement in July 2024. BNP Paribas now has access to all of Mistral AI’s current and future AI solutions, in all its business lines. They are deployed in about 100 use cases in the Group, including a highperformance virtual assistant to answer questions from the Bank’s customers 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

ORACLE

MARJORIE JANIEWICZ

At Oracle, we are highly committed to the issue of data sovereignty. We always place innovation in the framework of regulations. This rigorous approach is inherited from our group’s history and unique culture. We are not a newcomer to tech. Still led by its founder, Larry Ellison, who is the Chairman and also the Chief Technology Officer, Oracle will be celebrating its 50 th anniversary in 2027.

Global Head of Revenue

software providers in the world, offering integrated application suites as well as a secure and autonomous infrastructure in its cloud services.

& US General Manager

of Mistral AI

Founded in 1977 by Larry Ellison, Bob Miner and Ed Oates, Oracle was one of the first software developers for relational database management systems. Over the years, Oracle has become one of the largest enterprise

This centralisation of databases has an additional advantage, and not an inconsiderable one: it supports BNP Paribas in the growing adoption of artificial intelligence (AI). Generative AI involves an explosion of data volumes, which increases the need to manage large relational databases. By offering the best of the cloud, our solution contributes to the success of generative AI implementations.”

2025 promises to be another exciting year. In a few months, we will see the opening of our first ultra-modern data centre, in Essonne, near Paris. This project, representing an investment of several billion euros, will enable us to train our models and so speed up our R&D roadmap. This is a major step forward in terms of independence for us, and in terms of the performance of our models for the benefit of all users. Accessibility, today as always.”

Interview conducted on 17 March 2025.

Interview conducted on 19 March 2025.

I NN OVATIO

(1) The cloud is the practice of using remote computer servers, hosted in data centres connected to the internet to store, manage and process data, rather than a local server or personal computer. (2) The European DORA regulation, which entered into force in January 2025, establishes a common framework for the management of risks related to information and communication technologies. Notably, it establishes cybersecurity rules that apply to most financial institutions.

(1) The term open source, or open-source code, applies to software whose licence respects the possibilities of free redistribution, access to source code and the creation of derivative works.

Our relationship with BNP Paribas is also a long-term one, since it has lasted for over 20 years. Together, at this very moment, we are writing a new chapter in the history of our partnership: the migration of BNP Paribas’ critical databases, which were previously spread over a dozen different technologies, in order to centralise them on a single platform through Oracle Exadata Cloud@Customer. This innovative solution provides our clients with the capabilities of our Exadata platform, optimised for relational databases, in the form of a cloud infrastructure installed in their own data centres. With this hybrid solution, they benefit from the advantages of a cloud infrastructure in terms of operation ‘as a service‘ – automation, performance,

Accessibility is therefore central to all our decisions and actions, starting with our solutions. They share three main features. Portability first of all, enabling every user to access our models anywhere, on any type of device, including a desktop computer. Then, customisation, because our models allow each company to optimise its own processes, integrate AI into its products and services and accelerate the marketing of its innovations. Lastly, efficiency, by combining the best of both technological and human worlds. In terms of technology, our cutting-edge models compete with the best market standards. They are able to manage data in a more sovereign way, with better governance and more confidentiality than those of our competitors, and more responsibly, by adapting the size of our models to optimise energy consumption. On the human side, our agile teams work with each customer, from the identification of their needs through to transition to the production phase, so as to develop use cases that deliver tangible value. Our approach to distribution also reflects this demand for accessibility: we cultivate a collaborative ecosystem in which transparency and innovation go hand in hand. We provide a full range of open-

[Page 32] Innovating in digital assets

TECHNOLOGY

Seizing the opportunities provided by AI

At the forefront of the digitisation of financial markets, BNP Paribas is participating in the European Central Bank’s (ECB) experimentation programme by testing three wholesale digital settlement solutions using Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT). By engaging in real transactions and tests with Banque de France, Deutsche Bundesbank and Banca d’Italia, our Corporate & Institutional Banking division used its proprietary platforms to strengthen expertise on the connectivity between the Eurosystem’s payment infrastructures and the market’s DLT platforms. This exploratory work contributes to the modernisation of European markets, the development of the economy and the maintenance of financial stability.

Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

Innovation) aid scheme as well as from the support of Luxembourg’s Ministry of the Economy and Ministry of Finance.

1 million clients for Hello bank!

Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a transformative technology with immense potential to support business growth while simplifying our daily lives. That is why its industrial and controlled development is at the heart of the Technology pillar of our strategic plan. Read on for an overview of some of the major advances made in 2024.

IMPROVING THE CLIENT EXPERIENCE For its part, Arval leverages AI to optimise the client experience. In one of the experiments carried out by Arval, thanks to proactive and predictive maintenance supported by AI, our clients no longer need to schedule the maintenance of their vehicles on fixed dates. The AI will suggest the best time to do this, allowing the client to optimise the time spent on fleet maintenance without compromising quality. AI is also used in Arval Flex, a flexible vehicle rental solution that allows clients to test drive an electric vehicle as part of a nonbinding monthly subscription. AI uses a client database to pre-qualify those potentially interested in electrifying their fleet, thus facilitating the work of sales teams.

ARRANGING AND PLACING DIGITAL BONDS BNP Paribas reached a decisive milestone by issuing and settling a digital bond in euros through blockchain. Worth €10 million, with a maturity of two years and a fixed interest rate, it marks the first step in a series of digital bond transactions. Its execution as part of the ECB’s Wholesale Central Bank Digital Currency experimentation programme confirms our commitment to innovation in the field of digital assets. This pioneering transaction was carried out by ALM Treasury as issuer, Global Markets as arranger, Securities Services as cash portfolio manager for the investor and BNP Paribas Asset Management as sole investor. The transaction was executed using Neobonds, Global Markets’ private tokenisation platform. The latter then issued the first sovereign digital bond in the eurozone for the Republic of Slovenia, again using Neobonds, for an amount of €30 million. BNP Paribas Asset Management and ALM Treasury were among the investors in the transaction.

200,000

In the summer of 2024, BNP Paribas signed a partnership agreement with Mistral AI, a French start-up specialising in generative artificial intelligence (see previous page). Through this structural multi-year partnership, the Group can access current and future models developed by Mistral AI. By using its large language models in several business lines, we are developing use cases primarily focused on improving customer services, sales, trading, research and information systems. The adaptability of Mistral AI’s solutions also enables optimal management of energy consumption, a vital asset for BNP Paribas, which promotes a rational and responsible use of AI. This major step in our strategy allows us to focus on the development of ultrapersonalised digital services, such as virtual assistants, while simplifying our processes.

This was the symbolic milestone reached in France in 2024. Hello bank! also consolidated its position as the leader in digital customer relations for the fifth consecutive year (1) . In 2024, 280,000 clients – private individuals and small businesses – joined, including 106,000 from Orange Bank through the onboarding and account opening system created specifically for them. Among the other major advances of the year, Hello bank! expanded its “Pro” offering for legal entities, upgraded its website to provide its clients with a user experience as intuitive as on the mobile application, and optimised the relevance of its chatbot responses through generative AI. Building on the high number of recommendations from clients who aspire to make their digital bank their main bank, Hello bank! is continuing to speed up its development.

(1) Ranked #1 among digital banks in digital customer relations from 2020 to 2022 by D-Rating and in 2023 and 2024 by Deloitte Conseil.

This is the number of requests processed in 2024 by Eva, the conversational agent of Floa, one of the leaders in split payment solutions. Using AI to answer its clients’ calls in real time, this initiative also enabled the fintech to improve its NPS (1) . This innovation has won several awards.

(1) The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is used to measure the propensity and likelihood of customers to recommend a brand, product or service.

Focusing on customer satisfaction, BNP Paribas Cardif developed an innovative solution with Orange. Based on a score calculated by AI, the insurer automates the acceptance of claims reported by policyholders in the event of breakage and/or oxidation of their mobile devices. By accelerating the acceptance process – slashed to a few seconds compared to several hours previously – this solution streamlines the process and optimises the customer experience. Four out of ten claims are now accepted automatically in a matter of seconds, thus reducing delays and simplifying procedures. Nonetheless, clients can still choose to be supported by a claims manager.

INVESTING IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Already a user of AI for risk management, payments, understanding and processing emails, as well as the modernisation of credit management and the processing of regulatory obligations, BGL BNP Paribas initiated an R&D project, in collaboration with the Interdisciplinary Centre for Security, Reliability and Trust at the University of Luxembourg. This initiative, which aims to develop an intelligent and secure monitoring system for AI solutions, benefits from public co-financing as part of the RDI (Research-Development-

[Page 33] PAYMENTS

Developing innovative solutions for all

Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

SERVICES

Puttin g our clients’ expectations at the heart of our offerings

As an essential service offered by the bank to its clients, payments are constantly growing in a context of increasing digitisation and instant transactions. By leveraging the latest technological advances, BNP Paribas and its business lines combine innovation and personalisation to offer individuals, merchants and corporate clients a smooth, secure payment experience adapted to their needs. Some of these innovative and sustainable initiatives and solutions are described below.

Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

BNP Paribas tunes into its clients to offer them the kind of personalised services that meet their needs and purposes. As a trusted companion at every stage of their lives, we strive to simplify daily transactions and make them secure, and to help our clients to achieve their projects and prepare for their future. Keep reading for an overview of our latest innovations.

CASH SERVICES, much more than an ATM

DESIGNING DEDICATED SOLUTIONS FOR ONLINE SERVICES AND MARKETPLACES BNP Paribas, through its digital solutions offering Axepta BNP Paribas and its subsidiary Floa, is teaming up with Stancer (iliad Group) to offer an all-in-one payment solution integrated into conversations on Microsoft Teams. As a result, professionals and merchants who use this application to communicate with their clients – tutors, travel agents, coaches, etc. – will have access to a simple, fast and secure payment solution. Created by BNP Paribas and the start-up studio 321, fintech 1POINT6, dedicated to the management of marketplace payments, was granted the status of agent for the provision of payment services from the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority (ACPR) in 2024. This authorisation allows 1POINT6 to manage the collection of payments on behalf of third parties and the integration of merchants and transactions. By providing marketplaces with all the payment functionalities they need, the fintech aims to become a European leader within four years supporting the platformisation of commerce.

In addition to the free withdrawal of banknotes, the CASH SERVICES ATMs provide an extended range of services: deposit of cheques and/or cash, account-to-account transfers, printing of a bank account ID statement, access to bank balances and account history.

With CASH SERVICES, a local banking offering launched in France at the end of 2023 by BNP Paribas, Crédit Mutuel, CIC and Societe Generale, the clients of the four companies have free access to an increased number of ATMs in urban and rural areas, and improved access to cash and banking services (see opposite). Through this project of modernisation and sharing of ATMs – operated by 2SF (“Société des Services Fiduciaires”, Fiduciary Services Company) – CASH SERVICES combines customer satisfaction and operational efficiency. The roll-out continues, with a target of nearly 7,000 sites in bank branches and public places by 2026.

DEPLOYING AN ON-BOARD POINT OF SALE ON AIRCRAFT TEB, the Turkish subsidiary of BNP Paribas, launched inFlight POS, an in-flight sales and payment solution, in partnership with Corendon Airlines. Through this innovative offering, flight attendants can carry out payment transactions with passengers in a simple, fast, and secure manner. TEB is expanding its global presence by offering this solution on flights connecting 165 airports in the 65 countries served by the airline.

CREATING A LEADER IN PAYMENT MANAGEMENT IN EUROPE In June 2024, BNP Paribas unveiled its plan to form a strategic partnership in payments with Groupe BPCE. The signing of this agreement in February 2025 resulted in the creation, in the form of a joint venture called Estreem, of a leading payments processor in the market serving cardholders and merchants. Hosted on the BNP Paribas cloud, Estreem will process all the card payments of the two groups in Europe, i.e. 17 billion transactions, with the aim of becoming one of the top 3 processors in Europe by 2028. It may be extended to other banking institutions. This new step bolsters the partnership initiated in 2005 between the two banking groups, with Partecis for the publishing of processing software. On the tech front, Estreem will ensure payment authorisations and security while liaising with payment networks such as Visa, MasterCard, CB and Wero (see below).

notably by helping them better understand the composition and performance of their investments. This approach reached a milestone with the new dashboard provided by BGL BNP Paribas in Luxembourg, by BNP Paribas Bank Polska in Poland, by BNP Paribas Fortis in Belgium, by Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF) and by BNL BNP Paribas in Italy. Comprehensive and informative, it provides advisors and their clients with an overview of all investments and detailed information by contract. In addition, a virtual assistant for advisors will soon be rolled out to cut the information search and analysis time, so making it easier to prepare client appointments. In the same vein, CPBF launched a new discretionary management offering for its individual clients. Through it, they can now delegate the management of their life insurance policy to the expertise of our private banking managers. Building on its success, this offering will be rolled out in 2025 in Italy and Luxembourg for the management of investment portfolios.

21.8 million

This is the number of Orange customers in France who can access the “Financement sur mesure” (Tailor-made financing) offer provided by the Cetelem brand of BNP Paribas Personal Finance. The offer facilitates the purchase of a mobile device and is available online, as well as in the 500 Orange stores in France.

STRENGTHENING AND DIVERSIFYING OUR SERVICES Providing our clients with optimised service quality also means protecting their payments against the risk of electronic fraud. This is the objective of IBAN Check, the verification service launched by BNL BNP Paribas in partnership with the French fintech Sis ID. This service allows clients to instantly check whether an IBAN to which they need to transfer money corresponds to a specific tax code and/or VAT number. As part of an exclusive partnership signed with Orange, BNP Paribas Personal Finance has set up, through its Cetelem brand, the “Financement sur mesure” (Tailor-made financing) offering, a flexibleterm loan solution. The offer facilitates the purchase of a smartphone or other mobile device for all the operator’s French clients.

money from account to account in less than 10 seconds using only a phone number and email address. After its roll-out in Germany, France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, Wero aims to become the benchmark digital wallet on a European scale within three to four years.

Launched in September 2024 by the European Payments Initiative (EPI), backed by 16 European banks and payment service providers, including BNP Paribas, Wero aims to provide customers with a single, secure and sovereign digital payment service to consumers. With this payment wallet, customers can send and receive

Wero, the European digital payment wallet

(1) The service voucher is in the form of a digital cheque. It is used in Belgium as a means of payment for local services.

HELPING OUR CLIENTS MANAGE THEIR INVESTMENTS In line with our goal of making BNP Paribas a leading European player in savings, we pay close attention to the management of our clients’ savings,

IMPROVING USER EXPERIENCE Our value proposition also focuses on optimising our customers’ digital journey. The BNP Paribas Fortis Easy Banking App now includes service vouchers (1) from Pluxee, one of the world leaders in employee engagement and benefits. This feature supplements the range of services already provided by the application, already including Monizze, a provider of meal, sports and culture vouchers. BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions, for its part, upgraded and rolled out its Customer Corner in all European countries, providing its clients with a preferred communication channel with a user-friendly interface adapted to mobile devices. Enabling them to manage their requests easily and to access their documents, this intuitive and secure space contributes to their satisfaction and loyalty. Thanks to a completely revisited mobile application, Consorsbank also offers clients a smoother path towards completing a transaction, opening a securities savings plan, making a transfer or defining their personal preferences.

[Page 34] TRANSITION

Supportin g our clients in th eir transition projects

ware of the need to lead the environmental transition, we are fully committed to fighting against climate change and protecting biodiversity. We are helping to finance the energy transition by accelerating the development of low-carbon energy around the world. At the same time, we provide support for our clients – corporate and individual – in their transition. We are thus implementing sustainable finance, soft mobility and energy renovation solutions.

A

[Page 35] “Regenerative agriculture is an economically

and ecologically relevant solution to adapt

“Reversing the tide is vital because biodiversity is the foundation and future

production to climate change.”

of our civilisation.”

NATUREMETRICS

via a highly intuitive digital dashboard. After our second fund-raising operation in 2024, with the support of BNP Paribas, we continued our expansion, notably in North America, and increased our use of satellite imagery while reinforcing our teams of data scientists and artificial intelligence experts in order to aggregate and synthesise data on biodiversity.

nature on a large scale. Ten years after its creation, it has more than 600 clients in 110 countries, including global groups such as Nestlé and Unilever, NGOs, groups specialising in the rehabilitation of fauna and flora and experts in environmental, social and governance issues.

Founded by Kat Bruce in 2015, NatureMetrics is an innovative company specialising in the measurement and monitoring of biodiversity. Using its digital platform powered by environmental DNA technology, this “naturetech” enables companies to measure and manage their impacts on

Grown in 150 countries, the potato is the third most widely consumed food on earth, after wheat and rice, with annual production exceeding 380 million tonnes (1) . It uses simple sugars (glucose and fructose) produced by photosynthesis and converted to starch, that will then be stored in the tubers. These transformations are highly sensitive to temperature and humidity. Between planting in the spring and harvesting in the autumn, the potato is therefore vulnerable to variable and unpredictable weather conditions.

WWF’s latest Living Planet report (1) makes an alarming observation: populations of wild vertebrate animals have fallen by 73% in 50 years. Human pressure on natural species and their habitats is at the origin of this decline. Among the main causes are unsustainable agriculture, forestry, transport and pollution. Climate change could also become the main threat to biodiversity, as rising temperatures are already leading to the extinction of some species. As we know, environmental risks are some of the most significant threats facing us over the next decade (2) , particularly those linked to extreme weather phenomena, the loss of biodiversity and the collapse of ecosystems.

CAMILLE

With the emergence of the global framework of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (3) (TNFD) and the entry into force of the CSRD (4) , we are seeing a growing need for support in biodiversity reporting. Compliant with regulatory requirements, our solution helps companies to measure, with supporting data, their environmental impact and their degree of dependence on nature, as they already do for their carbon footprint.

To encourage farmers’ commitment, our programme is structured around three components. The technical pillar aims, in close collaboration with local experts, to provide farmers with the keys to a successful transition by training them on topics such as soil life, cover crop management and crop diversification. In Poland, BNP Paribas Bank Polska is co-financing this support until 2027. As part of our commercial support, McCain offers them a three-year contract with a premium of €5 per tonne delivered from regenerative agriculture fields. Finally, on a financial level, BNP Paribas Bank Polska provides our farmer partners in Poland with a range of incentives, including a reduced interest rate and a cash advance service. BNP Paribas Bank Polska suggested that the latter measure, which is specific to our Polish programme, be included in our financial pillar to reward farmers for their efforts by paying their invoices immediately.

GUÉRIN

At McCain, we are directly observing this phenomenon, since we have lost between 6% and 10% of yields in Europe over the last decade, due to climate variations and soil erosion. As the success of our company is closely correlated with that of our 1,500 European partner producers, potato resilience is a strategic issue for us.

Senior Program Manager Regenerative Agriculture at McCain

Continental Europe

This increased awareness must lead to a change in practices. Reversing this trend is vital because more than half the world’s GDP (5) depends directly on the health of our ecosystems (6) – the other half depends on them indirectly – but also, and above all, because biodiversity is the very foundation of our civilisation and its future.”

MCCAIN

DIMPLE

Interview conducted on 4 March 2025.

PATEL

Chief Executive Officer

Three years after its first roll-out, our programme has proven its worth, with more than 50% of our farmer partners in continental Europe having at least completed the technical training provided. These convincing results have encouraged us to go even further, with the aim of onboarding 100% of them in France, the Netherlands and Poland while expanding to other countries in which we operate. The opposite of a passing fashion, regenerative agriculture is a structuring trend that is set to continue and expand.”

At NatureMetrics, we believe we can collectively turn the tide. To do so, organisations need access to biodiversity data that is both comprehensive and practical – turning nature’s complexity into clear, actionable intelligence. Our solution is based on environmental DNA (eDNA) technology. In practice, we analyse the tiny traces left in the water, soil and air by living organisms. Carrying out this analysis is imperative because the invisible part of biodiversity is vital to the functioning of our ecosystems. This data feeds into a digital platform that combines ease of use and cost control. Companies and organisations can thus measure and manage their impacts on nature, based on reliable data, in order to implement corrective actions and monitor their effectiveness over time.

of NatureMetrics

Interview conducted on 10 March 2025.

This is why we have embarked on an ambitious regenerative agriculture programme. This farming model aims to restore and improve soil health, biodiversity and ecosystems while continuing to produce quality food and secure yields. In other words, regenerative agriculture puts soil at the heart of the agricultural approach. Before potato planting, we are promoting the use of multi-species cover crop (2) and tillage reduction. Regenerative agriculture is thus outlining a way to adapt our production systems to climate change, which is relevant both economically and ecologically.

player in production and distribution, the company employs around 22,000 people and operates 49 production sites worldwide. In continental Europe, McCain works in partnership with 1,500 farmer partners.

Founded in 1957 in Canada by four brothers from a farming family, McCain Foods Limited is the world’s largest producer of frozen potato products and one of the world’s leaders in appetizers and snacking. A major

TRANSITIO

(1) Source: Faostat, Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, December 2024. (2) Cover crop, also known as intermediate cover, consists of growing vegetation to cover soil between two main crops, all or part of which is returned to the soil.

(1) Living Planet Report 2024, a system in danger; WWF in collaboration with the Zoological Society of London. (2) The Global Risks Report 2025 20 th Edition; World Economic Forum. (3) Published in September 2023, this non-financial reporting framework focuses on the impact of companies on the environment and their dependence on ecosystems. (4) The Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), implemented by the European Union, harmonises the sustainability reporting of companies and improves the availability and quality of published ESG data. (5) Gross domestic product. (6) Nature Risk Rising: Why the Crisis Engulfing Nature Matters for Business and the Economy; World Economic Forum, January 2020.

Convinced of the value of this new farming model, we are committed to implementing regenerative agriculture across our entire potato acreage by 2030. To achieve this objective, we are asking our partner growers to voluntarily commit to following precise specifications in return for our strong support. After launching in France in 2022 and the Netherlands in 2023, we rolled out this programme in Poland in 2024, in partnership with BNP Paribas Bank Polska, one of the leading supporters of the green transition in the country.

To halt the erosion of biodiversity, we must act quickly and on a large scale, which means that our solution must be accessible to as many people as possible. In this respect, our partnership with BNP Paribas was decisive. When the Group invested in our company in 2022, via its BNP Paribas Solar Impulse Venture Fund, we revealed the environmental DNA of the scientific world and made it relevant and actionable in the economic world. We have made our method both attractive and suitable for diversified business sectors. Thus, we provide the world’s first nature performance monitoring service, available by subscription and accessible

[Page 36] TRANSITION

Sup p orting corporate clients on t h eir way to a more sustainable economy

MOBILITY

Actively committed to supporting projects with positive environmental and social impacts, BNP Paribas helps its corporate clients in the transformation of their practices in order to move towards a more inclusive world that emits less greenhouse gases. Here is a look at a few initiatives that support the transition.

Intensifying the roll-out of new solutions

Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

Furthermore, the Italian commercial & personal bank acted as global coordinator and agent bank to organise, alongside other major financial institutions, joint financing for illycaffè. This leading Italian brand of coffee specialities is the first company to receive DNV - Business Assurance certification on the Responsible Supply Chain Process, which attests to its ability to provide a responsible approach throughout the production chain. This sustainability-linked loan of €124 million modulates the interest rate according to the achievement of objectives such as greenhouse gas reduction and gender pay equality.

Energy renovation offerings adapted to each project

Commercialisation is expected in early 2026. For its part, Mobility4you will continue to grow by accelerating its deployment and use for CPBF’s and Hello bank!’s clients in the summer of 2025.

59 %

Sustainable mobility is a key growth driver at the heart of our strategic plan. BNP Paribas Mobility, which brings together all of the Group’s business lines involved in the mobility ecosystem, supports and finances the transition of players in the automotive sector, while continuing to implement alternative mobility solutions for all. Here is an overview of our structural progress.

Commercial & Personal Banking in France is expanding its range of offers to corporate clients with “Financement Décarbonation” (Decarbonisation Financing). This sustainable loan encourages small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), mid-caps and associations to reduce their CO 2 emissions, with a simple principle: the interest rate of the loan is adjusted according to the reduction in the borrower’s greenhouse gas emissions. To benefit from a subsidised rate, the decarbonisation target set previously must be achieved.

This is the percentage of European companies that have already implemented at least one alternative technology (hybrid electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids, battery-powered vehicles, etc.) in their fleets of cars intended for their employees.

Source: Fleets and mobility survey 2024, Arval Mobility Observatory.

COMBINING CONSULTING AND FINANCING To provide expertise and advice to SMEs and mid-caps on energy transition opportunities and trajectories, BNL BNP Paribas created its new Green Desk, based on the existing one, which previously focused exclusively on agroenergy financing. This dedicated business centre supports these companies in their transformation journey, providing them with a team of 30 sector bankers who are experts in the energy transition.

STRENGTHENING SYNERGIES BETWEEN THE MOBILITY AND ENERGY SECTORS With the increasing adoption of electric vehicles by its customers in Europe, the number of batteries to be recharged daily is increasing, while offering new and important storage facilities for wind and solar energy. With the launch of Arval Energy, Arval is developing synergies between the mobility and energy markets to facilitate access to closer, cheaper and more environmentally friendly energy. In this context, Arval is the first and only leasing company to join Smart Energy Europe (SmartEn), a professional association that promotes the transition to clean energy.

BNP Paribas Mobility contributes to the acceleration of the EVVE project

SUPPORTING THE TRANSITION TO REGENERATIVE AGRICULTURE To encourage the transition to sustainable agriculture, BNP Paribas Bank Polska , a committed supporter of green transformation in Poland, signed a partnership agreement with the Berlin-based start-up Klim, which aims to facilitate the transition of farms to regenerative agriculture. As part of the Group’s €200 million impact investment envelope, jointly managed by the Company Engagement department and BNP Paribas Asset Management, the Group also invested in this start-up to enable a greater European and international reach. BNP Paribas also encourages major players in the agri-food industry to adopt sustainable production methods that minimise their negative impact and increase positive effects, such as carbon sequestration and biodiversity conservation. McCain, a potato specialist, worked with BNP Paribas Bank Polska to launch a regenerative agriculture programme in Poland to promote cover crop and crop rotation among its producers. McCain is committed to 100% of its potatoes being grown through regenerative agriculture by 2030. To reach this target, growers must follow precise specifications, and BNP Paribas Bank Polska provides them with dedicated support and financing solutions (see page 68).

PROMOTING SOFT MOBILITY FOR EMPLOYEES Arval also offers its corporate clients turnkey solutions to facilitate the management of their employees’ commuting costs with the Mobility Pass, launched in several countries through various partnerships. Within the limits of a budget allocated by their employer and available directly on their pass, each employee can pay for their soft mobility journeys: public transport, bicycle rental, carpooling, etc.

Commercial & Personal Banking in France provides private individuals with a wide range of offerings to support them in the energy renovation of their homes throughout their life as owners. Upon acquisition, they can benefit from the Energibio Acquisition financing solution, to help them improve the energy efficiency of their future home. Customers who are already homeowners and want to renovate their properties can take out Energibio and Eco-PTZ loans. Upstream of their discussions, the “Mon Projet Rénovation” (My Renovation Project) platform enables them to identify priority energy renovation works, check their eligibility for financial aid from the State and energy suppliers for their work, and find out about the conditions for obtaining and identifying the best financing solution with the Bank. This range will soon be supplemented by an offering launched in partnership with IZI by EDF, the consumer brand of the French energy company. Notably, bank advisors will help their customers identify the work to be carried out, choose craftsmen and request quotes, from which the subsidies will be automatically deducted. In its pilot phase, this solution will be rolled out by the end of 2025.

Launched in 2021, under the leadership of the EDF Group and supported by the European Union Innovation Fund, the Environmental Valorization of Virtual Energy storage (EVVE) project aims to demonstrate that by storing low-carbon electricity, electric vehicles can not only contribute to the reduction of CO 2 emissions, but can also contribute to the balance of the electricity grid by storing the energy produced in excess or supplying the sites in demand. To do so, it aims to roll out 800 two-way charging stations across Europe. As part of the Arval Energy initiative and through the BNP Paribas Mobility brand, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions and Arval have joined forces with six other partners to accelerate the project.

Through our diversified and integrated model, we operate across the entire value chain to support our clients in their transition to more sustainable, safer and more accessible mobility. Under the BNP Paribas Mobility brand, we draw on our in-depth knowledge of mobility issues to offer a comprehensive range of services to meet the needs of all players in the automotive ecosystem, from manufacturers to end users. Notably, we enter into distribution agreements to make sustainable mobility solutions available to our partners’ customers. In this context, via BNP Paribas Mobility, we entered at the end of 2024 into exclusive negotiations, with La Banque Postale Consumer Finance, a subsidiary of the La Banque Postale Group, to create and implement a white label mobility offer for its individual customers. This partnership provides for the creation of a complete digital platform based on the technical foundation of Mobility4you, launched by Arval, BNP Paribas Personal Finance, BNP Paribas Cardif and Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF), in October 2023, for CPBF’s customers. The all-in-one platform will support La Banque Postale’s customers by offering them new and used low-emission vehicles, combined with white label associated leasing (long-term leasing and leasing with option to buy) and insurance solutions, provided by the BNP Paribas Mobility entities: Arval, BNP Paribas Personal Finance and BNP Paribas Cardif.

INVESTING TO DECARBONISE THE TRANSPORT SECTOR Under the BNP Paribas Mobility banner, Arval and BNP Paribas Personal Finance are now among the investors in Shift4Good, the largest independent venture capital fund dedicated to decarbonising the transport sector. The two players aim to support start-ups working towards more sustainable mobility.

[Page 37] CLIMATE

Contributing to the development of a major leader in renewable energies

Accelerating the economy’s transition to low-carbon energies Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

BIODIVERSITY

The Group has long been involved in supporting economic players in their transition to low-carbon energies and regularly measures and reports on its own trajectory. As part of its strategic plan, BNP Paribas has embarked on a new phase of acceleration, making significant, concrete and time-bound commitments. Here is a review of some key milestones achieved in 2024.

Acting for the p rotection and restoration of b iodiversity

Since its launch in 2022, the fund has already invested in several companies with sustainable innovation, including NatureMetrics, a “naturetech” developing a biodiversity monitoring solution based on environmental DNA samples (see page 69).

Global Banking advised Brookfield, a leading global investment firm and one of the world’s largest investors in renewable energy, on its acquisition of Neoen, one of the world’s leading renewable developers. Following the acquisition of a majority stake from Neoen’s founder and long-term shareholders in December 2024, Brookfield has filed a tender offer to acquire 100% of Neoen’s share capital. Brookfield’s access to capital and deep industry knowledge will help to accelerate the growth of Neoen, which already has 8.9 GW of capacity in operation and under construction, and a proven expertise in the solar photovoltaics, wind and energy storage technologies. We have a long-standing commitment to our clients and partners to support, as part of our financial products and services, the reduction of the negative impacts of human activities on nature, while promoting those that generate a positive impact. Here is a review of concrete actions taken to promote the protection of ecosystems.

The circular economy is gaining ground

Since 2022, BNP Paribas has been aligning its portfolios with trajectories consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement. In terms of financing the energy production sector, we took another step this year: at the end of September 2024, low-carbon energy accounted for 76% of our credit exposure to energy production, up 36% over two years. This represents €36.8 billion for low-carbon, of which €34.2 billion was for renewable energies.

LAUNCHING INVESTMENT FUNDS TO SUPPORT THE ENERGY TRANSITION BNP Paribas Asset Management launched its first active global equity fund dedicated to the net-zero transition, BNP Paribas Global Equity Net Zero Transition (1) , one of the few active equity funds in the market with net-zero alignment as a primary objective with a just transition lens. This fund, diversified across sectors and regions, is committed to having at least 50% sustainable investments and integrates a charity share class to fund the NGO “Électriciens sans Frontières” (2) (Electricians without Borders).

€ 550 m

As half of the global generation of economic value directly depends on nature (1) , its degradation poses a systemic risk to the economy and society. Faced with the accelerated erosion of biodiversity and natural capital, the COP16 biodiversity summit, held in Cali in October 2024 and concluded in Rome in February 2025, highlighted the crucial role of private investors and financial actors in helping to fill the current funding gap for biodiversity. In response to these challenges, BNP Paribas continued its efforts to integrate criteria related to natural capital and biodiversity when analysing the activities of its clients.

SUPPORTING EACH SECTOR IN REDUCING ITS EMISSIONS The alignment of our credit portfolio is not limited to the energy sector. In 2024, we set decarbonisation targets for three more high-emitting sectors: aviation, shipping and commercial real estate. They complete the list of six sectors drawn up in 2022 and 2023: oil and gas, power generation, automotive, steel, aluminium and cement. The Group and all its entities also strive to reduce their direct environmental impact on their operating scopes.

INTEGRATING FORESTRY INVESTMENTS INTO PORTFOLIOS BNP Paribas Asset Management launched its first fund to invest in sustainable forestry. Classified Article 9 according to the SFDR (2) , the BNP Paribas Future Forest Fund is also the first fund launched in partnership with International Woodland Company, an expert in natural capital. It aims to support responsible investment practices to combat climate change, improve the resilience of forests and preserve biodiversity. It has a target size of US$500 million and will invest in forests certified by the Forest Stewardship Council or eligible for certification, focusing on mature regions such as the United States, Oceania and Europe.

Companies are increasingly demanding circular management solutions, notably for their IT assets. To meet their expectations, BNP Paribas 3 Step IT, the joint venture created by BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions and 3stepIT, a leader in circular technology services, is strengthening its offering by opening a technology refurbishment and remarketing centre in France. Consumers are also turning to more environmentally friendly alternatives, particularly in their purchases of technological products – smartphones, tablets and computers. To encourage the reconditioning of these products, Floa offers a new payment solution, Floa CirclePay. By incorporating a trade-in offer for old equipment when acquiring new equipment, it reduces the purchase cost and encourages reconditioning.

In close collaboration with the Corporate & Institutional Banking division and BNP Paribas Cardif, BNP Paribas Asset Management has also created BNP Paribas Climate Impact Infrastructure Debt. This fund, classified under Article 9 of the SFDR (3) , offers a comprehensive financing solution for projects and players involved in the energy transition and climate change mitigation.

SUPPORTING BIODIVERSITY RESEARCH In December 2023, the Group signed a multi-year partnership agreement with the Naturalis Biodiversity Center, one of the world’s leading biodiversity knowledge institutions, based in the Netherlands. This collaboration aims to accelerate the protection and restoration of biodiversity through education and raising awareness, research and data, financial innovation and scientific measurement.

(1) The fund characteristics are available at the following address: https://www.bnpparibas-am.com/ en-se/professional-investor/fundsheet/equity/bnp-paribas-funds-global-equity-net-zero-transitionclassic-c-lu2722147357 (2) “Électriciens Sans Frontières” (Electricians without Borders) is an NGO whose mission is to combat inequalities related to access to electricity and water around the world. (3) The European Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) identifies funds according to their sustainability potential. The Article 9 classification concerns funds with a sustainable investment objective.

IMPROVING OUR KNOWLEDGE OF THE OCEAN AND PROTECTING IT To make informed decisions to protect marine biodiversity, investors need reliable data that meets international standards. With this in mind, BNP Paribas Asset Management participated in a call for ESG (3) data providers. For its part, BNP Paribas launched, in partnership with Blue Alliance, the Blue Finance Facility aimed at financing the development of activities generating new sources of income with and for local communities, while protecting marine areas (see page 53).

This is the amount of the blue bond placed by Saur on the public market. Advised by our Corporate & Institutional Banking division, Saur is thus confirming its role as a pioneer in sustainable finance serving the water transition. Unprecedented for a water company, this operation reaffirms Saur’s commitment to the preservation of resources at a time when the protection of ecosystems and the sustainable management of water are priority global issues. Inspired by the green bond model, blue bonds are dedicated to financing projects aimed at protecting and restoring water resources.

PUTTING AI TO WORK IN THE FIGHT AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE According to the World Economic Forum, artificial intelligence (AI) plays a key role in identifying climate risks and associated investment opportunities. To make the most of its strengths, the Group works with a large ecosystem. In March 2024, it signed a historic R&D partnership with Kayrros, an AI-based environmental intelligence company. Using AI and satellite imagery, Kayrros has designed the first platform analysing satellite data from the European Space Agency and NASA to track methane emissions from the oil and gas industry and help accelerate their reduction. This partnership is part of the Bank’s commitment to develop open-source tools and methodologies to measure climate alignment.

(1) Nature Risk Rising: Why the Crisis Engulfing Nature Matters for Business and the Economy; World Economic Forum, January 2020. (2) The European Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) identifies funds according to their sustainability potential. The Article 9 classification concerns funds with a sustainable investment objective. (3) Environmental, social and governance.

MOBILISING FUNDING TO PRESERVE NATURE Aware of the key role of the financial sector, by the end of 2023 BNP Paribas had already exceeded its target, initially set for 2025, of €4 billion in support of clients whose activities contribute to the protection of terrestrial and marine biodiversity. In addition, the BNP Paribas Solar Impulse Venture Fund launched by BNP Paribas Asset Management reached, in July 2024, its minimum target size of €150 million to accelerate the ecological transition. This will enable it to make 15 to 20 investments in European and North American start-ups.

This is the BNP Paribas Climate Impact Infrastructure Debt’s fund-raising objective from institutional investors. € 500-750 m

[Page 38] Acting for financial and social inclusion

ecognising the importance of more equitable growth, we have long been committed to developing a fairer environment for all, particularly through our initiatives to promote financial and social inclusion. To bring positive change, we support impact entrepreneurship and develop inclusive financing solutions, as well as structural partnerships with a wide range of players helping those who are the most vulnerable.

R

[Page 39] “We fight against women’s poverty by

“With our catering activity, we give Mamas around the world the power to make a living

acting both on the financial and nonout of their passion for cooking.”

financial dimensions.”

THE SMALL ENTERPRISE FOUNDATION NPC (SEF)

This support for female entrepreneurship is reinforced by a programme to encourage women to save, to protect themselves against income fluctuations in their activity. We put them in touch with local financial institutions to open a bank account to receive their loan and save.

country, it currently provides support for 180,000 women. Through financial and non-financial services, it helps them to overcome poverty or extreme poverty, supporting them in their entrepreneurial journey and helping them to realise their potential.

SEF was founded in 1992 by John De Wit and Matome Malatji. Born in the rural province of Limpopo, the most disadvantaged in South Africa, it has become the largest microfinance institution in the country. Established in seven of the nine provinces in the

To become chefs, our Mamas must also overcome material obstacles, such as housing, transportation or childcare. This is where the third pillar of our model, Empower My Mama, our non-profit supporting female entrepreneurship, comes in. Through the comprehensive support provided by our network of partners, which brings together social workers, doctors and lawyers, they have the peace of mind they need to develop their business.

LOUBNA

According to the World Bank, South Africa is one of the most unequal countries in the world (1) , with 10% of the population holding 80% of the wealth. The Small Enterprise Foundation NPC (SEF), a non-profit organisation, was established in 1992 to combat these socio-economic inequalities, in particular extreme poverty among women. Since then, SEF has grown and helped nearly 6 million women in 33 years. To improve their living conditions over the long term, we provide them with both financial and non-financial support. We can count on the commitment of partners, in particular BNP Paribas, which, at the end of 2024, through RCS, the local subsidiary of BNP Paribas Personal Finance, granted us a credit facility of 20 million rands (€1 million), which has enabled us to invest in the development of our support for women from the poorest communities.

KSIBI

Cofounder of Meet My Mama

MEET MY MAMA

Our non-financial support, which is an essential part of SEF’s mission, is based on two programmes. The first concerns financial and business education. Our loan officer (3) raises their awareness of certain essential concepts, such as bank fees. The second, our community-based Image programme, aims to reduce women’s vulnerability to both HIV and genderbased violence. Our profound motivation is to make a lasting difference in the lives of these women, their families and their communities. One of them developed a business that is now located in several cities across the country. Her husband and two sons work with her. Another created several local jobs through her vegetable growing business. Thanks to entrepreneurship, a third woman financed the higher education of her son, who is now a university graduate. It is truly a question of dignity for our beneficiaries. Each of their individual stories is a great source of pride and motivation for us.”

Interview conducted on 18 March 2025.

LESEGO MOTSHOANE

When I first heard about social entrepreneurship during my studies, I realised that it was possible to combine two aspirations: to have a professional activity and to contribute, if not to changing the world, at least to improving it. Meeting Donia Souad Amamra in 2016 and Youssef Oudahman in 2017 were catalysts. Together, we created Meet My Mama. Our initial intuition is closely linked to our personal histories: we grew up with stayat-home mothers whose extensive knowhow in cooking, often inherited over several generations, was not valued. We wanted to change that, to move Mamas from behind the scenes to centre-stage, making their culinary talent a profession. The aim is to provide support for these women, whether they are immigrants, refugees or undergoing retraining, in a way that breaks with the traditional French non-profit model: in order for them to not just receive aid but to be actors of their own lives. This is the whole meaning of our impact catering activity, the first pillar of our model, which allows them to make a living from their passion for cooking. Over 1,500 companies and institutions, such as VINCI, LVMH and BNP Paribas, have savoured the specialties from around the world prepared by our Mamas. It is very gratifying to see these women, who were anonymous cooks a few months ago, now occupying exceptional spaces, from the Palace of Versailles, the Eiffel Tower, Ireland to Switzerland.

Support Services

Manager of SEF

listened to and guided more than 2,000 Mamas, of all ages and from all social backgrounds, from Latin America, the Middle East, Europe, Asia and Africa. Meet My Mama has helped many of them become entrepreneurs or find jobs in the restaurant industry.

Created in 2017 by Loubna Ksibi, Donia Souad Amamra and Youssef Oudahman, Meet My Mama is based on three activities: the Meet My Mama impact catering activity, the Mama Academy training centre and the Empower My Mama non-profit. Established in Paris and Marseille, Meet My Mama welcomed,

Lastly, when I look at how far we have come, I can see that a fourth pillar completes our model: our clients! Without our active ambassadors who believed in us from the start, nothing would have been possible. Among our leading clients, BNP Paribas occupies a special place, due to our multi-faceted relationship. As our bank, BNP Paribas and its teams, immediately understood the dual economic and social dimension of our project, and they designed a tailormade banking offering to serve the professional inclusion of our Mamas. Our relationship was further strengthened in November 2024 when BNP Paribas, through its Positive Impact Business Accelerator (PIBA) (1) , acquired a stake in our company and participated in our capital increase – the largest in the social impact food sector in France – enabling us to raise €3 million and accelerate our development. Thanks to this extensive support, we are starting a new chapter in our history, with a number of objectives: to create 100 businesses run by women, generate 1,000 jobs, organise 10,000 positive-impact events and become France’s leading impact caterer. With the love and energy of our Mamas, nothing is impossible!”

Interview conducted on 17 March 2025.

INCLUSIO

(1) Pathways out of the polycrisis; Poverty, Prosperity and Planet Report, World Bank Group, 2024. (2) Grameen Bank (the “bank of villages”) is the first bank to have granted group microloans to the poorest communities. This practice has enabled a large number of people, mostly women, to find autonomy through professional activity. This is what, in 2006, won the Nobel Peace Prize for Muhammad Yunus, its founder. (3) A loan officer assesses and recommends the approval of loan applications. At SEF, he or she is also in charge of providing financial support and training for women entrepreneurs throughout their career.

Before showcasing their talents, Mamas are trained in our school, the Mama Academy. As the second pillar of our model, the Academy provides them with the know-how essential to becoming chefs – professional catering techniques, hygiene and food safety rules, etc. – and entrepreneurs, with sessions to learn or improve their French or maths, or to raise their digital awareness. We are also working on their social skills to gain confidence in a male-dominated catering world. As there was no bespoke training content for our Mamas, we went ahead and created it! This school is now open to other beneficiaries, such as people backed by France Travail or the talents of Sodexo.

On the financial side, we grant loans to help them set up their own small business, such as a shop. We draw on the experience of Grameen Bank (2) , founded in 1983 in Bangladesh. We provide future women entrepreneurs with a scalable pathway, with group loans as an entry point. In concrete terms, five women form an eligible group to apply for a loan that they collectively guarantee as a solidarity group loan. Although they each create their own activity, their responsibility is shared. Through guidelines and field work, groups ensure that the members are credible and that they can work together efficiently. We start by granting small loans in order for each woman to launch her project. As and when the project progresses, we may increase the amount of the loan up to 35,000 rands (€1,800). In addition, we have designed a group microloan with individual responsibility, where the entrepreneur is only responsible for her own share. Launched as part of a pilot project, this financial instrument is particularly suited to the needs of women who are developing their business at a faster pace than that of other members of their group. Finally, we grant women entrepreneurs who are more experienced individual loans of between 35,000 and 250,000 rands (€1,800 to €13,000).

(1) BNP Paribas’ Positive Impact Business Accelerator (PIBA) has a dual mission: to develop a dedicated framework and offer specific products and services for social and solidarity economy (SSE) players and impact companies; and to coordinate the investment and impact financing strategy at BNP Paribas.

[Page 40] World’s Best Bank for Financial Inclusion

At the Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2024, organised by the eponymous magazine, BNP Paribas was named “World’s Best Bank for Financial Inclusion”, an award that highlights our strategic ambition in this area and the expertise of our teams who make it happen.

IMPACT

Supporting social innovation projects

More than 4 million Nickel accounts opened in France

Gendae dita num facestes pre nis sequam expliam es, quases verum aut essi ratem. Etame odia doluptat fugam polemes Et andis tve.

In order to combine economic performance with a positive contribution to society, BNP Paribas relies on its Positive Impact Business Accelerator (PIBA), whose team supports the players in inclusive finance. Here is a look at a few 2024 key initiatives.

period the transition to organic farming with the adoption of short transport circuits, the introduction of methods that generate lower greenhouse gas emissions and improved pay for employees. For its part, our commercial & personal banking entity in Morocco, BMCI , has financed the al Amana association, the leader in microloans on the Moroccan market, in the form of ISLF+. This financing will enable al Amana to develop its network of mobile branches, thereby bringing their services closer to the inhabitants of isolated rural areas.

Since the launch of impact bonds in France in 2016, BNP Paribas has used this leverage to support social and solidarity economy players. Impact bonds address various issues such as the integration of vulnerable groups, child protection, the autonomy of senior citizens, food waste, biodiversity and inclusive recruitment. The PIBA structuring team brings together investors and public authorities around these projects. If the expected impacts are achieved, the impact bond is pre-financed by the former, who are reimbursed by the latter. Impact measurement is the cornerstone of this system: it allows the project to be adapted in real time on the ground to ensure its effectiveness. In eight years, BNP Paribas has signed 28 impact bonds, 20 of which are still active.

Launched in 2014, the Nickel account for all celebrates 10 years of innovation for inclusion. After launching a microloan offering in partnership with Floa and a home insurance offering with BNP Paribas Cardif and the insurtech Lemonade, Nickel is continuing to expand its range of services and features. Clients can open a Nickel account online and receive their card directly at home. Furthermore, they now have access to Google Pay to pay for their purchases with their Android devices without taking out their card. Thanks to Nickel in English, they can consult the mobile app, website and Nickel FAQs in English. Through the success of its expansion, which continues in 5 countries – France, Spain, Belgium, Portugal and Germany – Nickel intends to become the leading current account distribution network in Europe by the end of 2025.

CIB issues the first sovereign gender bond

PROMOTING MICROLOANS Microfinance also made good progress in 2024. In South Africa, for example, RCS, the local subsidiary of BNP Paribas Personal Finance, provided a €1 million loan to the Small Enterprise Foundation NPC (SEF), the country’s largest non-profit microfinance institution. Dedicated to women, SEF contributes, mainly in rural areas, to the eradication of poverty by providing a range of financial services to support them in their various projects (see page 77). BNP Paribas Indonesia distinguished itself by granting a €47 million credit line, the highest ever granted by BNP Paribas in terms of microfinance, to PT Permodalan Nasional Madani (PNM), one of the largest microfinance institutions in the world, which supports millions of women micro-entrepreneurs in the country.

Two reports to reflect our commitment

STRUCTURING NEW IMPACT BONDS In 2024, the Group has structured four new impact bonds for a total of €10.5 million. The first, Mozaïk RH, aims to improve the employability of scholarship students and/or students from priority urban areas. The second, Positiv, aims to combat exclusion in the Nord department of France by supporting recipients of the RSA (“Revenu de Solidarité Active”, an earned income supplement) towards entrepreneurship. The third, Réemprod, combats waste in the building industry by creating a channel for reusing materials. Finally, the fourth, Woork, supports the development of a mentoring programme for young people during their first work experience.

For the first time in the sovereign debt market, one country, Iceland, with the support of our Corporate & Institutional Banking division, as part of a placement issued for the benefit of Franklin Templeton Investments, issued a €50 million bond dedicated to gender equality. Through this gender bond, the funds raised are exclusively allocated to financing projects intended to improve the living conditions of women, parents and gender minorities, such as increasing the supply of affordable housing, increasing parental leave payments and ensuring decent living conditions for the people concerned.

In order to put into perspective all of our progress in financial and social inclusion, BNP Paribas published, for the first time in 2024, the Positive Impact Business Accelerator’s activity and social performance report, as well as its third microfinance social performance report.

INVESTING IN INCLUSION As part of the deployment of its impact investment envelope (2) , the Group invested in the start-up Meet My Mama, an impact catering business that enables women – the “Mamas” – to reveal their culinary talent, become chefs and create their own business. BNP Paribas’ support is multidimensional: in addition to this investment, Meet My Mama is also a client of CPBF’s Act for Impact programme and its Mamas benefit from a dedicated banking offer (see page 76).

Consult these reports on the CSR Publications page of our website group. bnpparibas/en (1) Since 2018, the Act for Impact programme of CPBF has committed to supporting entrepreneurs offering innovative solutions to strengthen a social and solidarity economy. (2) Of an amount of €200 million, the Group’s impact investment envelope is managed jointly by its Company Engagement department and BNP Paribas Asset Management.

DEVELOPING INCLUSIVE FINANCING In order to accelerate the just transition, the Group has provided, since December 2023, in partnership with the JuST Institute, Inclusive & Sustainability-Linked Financing (ISLF+) – inclusive and sustainable financing at reduced interest rates or preferential conditions linked to the achievement of environmental and social objectives. In 2024, BNP Paribas signed two ISLF+ contracts in France and Morocco. The first, signed by Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF) with the socially conscious “farm-restaurant” Mûre, a beneficiary of our Act for Impact programme (1) , finances over a 15-year

[Page 41] Reducing the digital divide

Mosaïc, an office building transformed into a third place

A donation to finance the energy renovation of housing

PHILANTHROPY

To promote the digital inclusion of its customers, Commercial & Personal Banking in France launched workshops in around 15 cities in partnership with the WeTechCare association. Scheduled to last three years, this approach will enable customers with low levels of digital literacy (1) to learn, with digital mediators, about various topics such as making secure online payments, cybersecurity or how to get started with a mobile banking application. A platform will also offer customers a digital skills training programme, which they can follow at their own pace. In Belgium, the DigitAll coalition, composed of more than 140 public, private and social actors working for digital inclusion and chaired by BNP Paribas Fortis, decided, on the occasion of its fourth anniversary, to become a non-profit organisation. The goal? Promoting inclusion as a national priority, with concrete actions to raise awareness and support people with low levels of digital literacy.

(1) Low levels of digital literacy, or digital illiteracy, refers to the difficulty or inability to use digital devices and IT tools due to a lack or a total absence of knowledge of how they work.

BNP Paribas Foundation: 40 years serving those who take action

Created in February 1984, the BNP Paribas Foundation has supported, throughout its four decades of existence, more than 4,200 projects benefiting nearly two million people.

A subsidiary of EDF and BNP Paribas Personal Finance, Domofinance is the only financial institution in France dedicated to financing energy renovation and home improvement projects. On the occasion of its twentieth anniversary, this energy transition specialist made a donation to the “Réseau Éco Habitat” charity to contribute to the financing of six energy renovation projects for homes occupied by families facing extreme poverty. The amounts allocated are mainly intended for thermal insulation and waterproofing work, as well as for the optimisation of heating and plumbing. The work will help bring these homes up to a decent and energy-efficient standard.

Facilitating access to creditor insurance for people treated for HIV

Through calls for projects, the BNP Paribas Foundation helps an ecosystem that is both associative and scientific and that strives to build a better future. For years to come, the Foundation will continue to give power to those who take action. More than ever, it intends to support and develop the players and talents who contribute to the development of just and sustainable transitions by supporting high-impact innovative projects. Always with the same mindset: audacity and determination.

In the heart of the city of Saint-Ouensur-Seine in France, BNP Paribas Real Estate is co-owner, with Novaxia Investissement, of an office building in which renovation work is planned within two years. Pending the work’s effective launch, these vacant premises were made available for the next 20 months to 59 social and solidarity economy players, associations and artists in exchange for a particularly attractive monthly fee. The establishment of this community third place, named Mosaïc, led to a call for applications, organised by the transitional urban planning agency Liveo, to welcome future occupants within 2,500 square metres of improved space. This is the second solidarity third place that BNP Paribas Real Estate has launched, following the one set up at the former AP-HP (“Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris”, Greater Paris University Hospitals) headquarters, which has hosted, in the heart of Paris, 450 associations, artists, craftspeople and other structures of the social and solidarity economy since 2023.

Since 1 December 2024, anyone treated for HIV has access to creditor insurance from BNP Paribas Cardif with no additional premiums or exclusions. To be eligible, the subscriber’s viral load has to be undetectable at the time they wish to enter into the contract. This inclusive approach applies to all real estate loans of up to €1 million. It aims to improve access to property for some 200,000 people living with HIV today in France and to put an end to the more onerous rates they used to face. This increased access to creditor insurance should benefit nine out of ten people treated for HIV. It goes beyond the provisions of the AERAS (1) agreement, which requires an undetectable load after one year’s treatment and a maximum period of coverage of 25 years.

A major player in corporate philanthropy, under the aegis of the Fondation de France (Foundation of France), the BNP Paribas Foundation contributes to the financing of impactful, socially committed projects. It acts in three main areas in the service of the general interest: solidarity, the environment and culture. Regarding solidarity, it focuses on equal opportunities and social inclusion. On the environment, it supports scientific research through its Climate & Biodiversity Initiative, the largest environmental philanthropic programme in France, while raising public awareness. Finally, it promotes culture through the most innovative artistic creations in contemporary dance and circus, jazz and hip-hop and through a greater access.

(1) Signed by the public authorities, the banking and financial professional federations, and those of the insurance, mutual insurance and patient and consumer associations, the AERAS agreement (Ensuring and Borrowing with an Aggravated Health Risk) aims to facilitate access to insurance and loans for people with or having had a serious health problem.

[Page 42] Design and publishing:

Graphic design, layout and production:

Content:

Printing in France by:

Our other PUBLICATIONS

Find news on our Group on:

UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2024

Our eco-design approach

Photo credits: Getty Images / RICOWde - Benjamin Brolet for BNP Paribas Fortis - Getty Images / Tom Werner - Getty Images / Ezra Bailey - Pierre Morel / La Company - Gilles Bassignac / Divergence - Getty images / Alexander Spatari - Adobe Stock / Marc Dyck - Pierre-Olivier - BNP Paribas - Adobe Stock / Yogendra - Franck Juery - Damien Grenon - Gilles Dacquin - Christel Sasso / Capa pictures - Franck Ferville / OCUS France for Les Napoleons - Tineke De Vos - iStock / Johnny Greig - Lionel Guericolas - Adobe Stock / ilolab - Adobe Stock / PeopleVideos - Adobe Stock / Lightfield Studios - iStock / rusm - iStock / xavierarnau - iStock / Kindamorphic - Mourad Mokrani - iStock / Hispanolistic - Wero - Adobe Stock / Zamrznuti tonovi - iStock / Jeremy Poland - TerreTV - NatureMetrics - Arval - iStock / fotodelux - iStock / yangna - iStock / VladTeodor - iStock / iiievgeniy - iStock / SDI Productions - iStock / Phynart Studio - Nickel - iStock / shironosov - Adobe Stock / Zoran Zeremski - Adobe Stock / artursfoto - iStock / simon2579.

AT A GLANCE 2025

group.bnpparibas/en

2025 At a Glance

This Universal registration document is a copy of the official version of the Universal registration document and annual financial report which has been prepared in XHTML format and is available on our website https://invest.bnpparibas

*Eventu ardore au referendum. *Eventu ardore au referendum.

invest.bnpparibas/en

DIGITAL VERSION — The digital version of this document is compliant with the PDF/UA (ISO 14289-1), WCAG 2.1 level AA and RGAA 4.1 accessibility standards with the exception of the colour criteria. Its design enables people with motor disabilities to browse through this PDF using keyboard commands. Accessible for people with visual impairments, it has been tagged in full, so that it can be transcribed vocally by screen readers using any computer support.

E-accessible version by

Visit the Publications section on our website group.bnpparibas to discover our other institutional documents:

2024 Universal Registration Document

We have applied the principles of eco-design to our 2024 Integrated Report, in both its print and digital versions. Throughout the development of this document, from conception to production, we have been guided by the important objective of reducing its environmental footprint. This proactive approach has led to a demand for concrete results. For example, to reduce the inking rate, we favoured wireframe typography and soft colours, while limiting the use of photographs. To reduce our paper consumption, we adjusted printing volumes as closely as possible to our needs, amplifying the trajectory initiated in 2019, and achieving a 70% reduction in printing. We also selected our raw materials to meet the highest environmental standards and worked with local service providers to reduce transport-related CO 2 emissions. The digital version, meanwhile, combines accessibility (1) and digital sobriety, with comfort and browsing options, as well as a dark-mode version.

(1) The digital version of our Integrated Report has been e-accessible since its creation in 2018. It provides an optimal browsing experience for the visually impaired (font size, contrast setting and vocalisation of all the content) and for people with dyslexia (dyslexia-friendly font).

Follow us on our social networks:

ADEME number: FR200182_01XHWE

Printed on FSC® certified paper.

We wish to thank all employees and partners who contributed to the production of this report.

We would also like to extend our warm thanks to the external speakers who agreed to share their views in this report.

[Page 43] BNP Paribas

Head office: 16, boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris (France) Tel.: +33 (0)1 40 14 45 46

Public Limited Company (société anonyme) with a capital of 2,261,621,342 euros RCS Paris 662 042 449